http://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/05/movies/railroad-tigers-review-jackie-chan.html
Review: ‘Railroad Tigers’ Features a Resourceful Jackie Chan
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/29/movies/dr-feelgood-dealer-or-healer-review.html
Review: ‘Dr. Feelgood: Dealer or Healer?’ It’s Not a Simple Question
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/27/movies/paterson-review.html
Review: In Jim Jarmusch’s ‘Paterson,’ a Meditative Flow of Words Into Poetry
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/27/movies/review-20th-century-women.html
Review: 1 Teenage Boy and 3 Mothers in ‘20th Century Women’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/27/movies/ocean-waves-review.html
Review: ‘Ocean Waves,’ a Tale of Young Love, Ghibli Style
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/22/movies/i-daniel-blake-review-ken-loach.html
Review: ‘I, Daniel Blake,’ Stuck on the Bureaucratic Hamster Wheel
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/22/movies/toni-erdmann-review.html
Review: In ‘Toni Erdmann,’ Dad’s a Prankster Trying to Jolt His Conformist Daughter
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/22/movies/dangal-review.html
Review: A Father’s Dreams, Recast by His Daughters in ‘Dangal’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/22/movies/live-by-night-ben-affleck.html
Review: He Pledges Allegiance Only to His Tommy Gun, in ‘Live by Night’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/22/movies/silence-review-martin-scorsese.html
Review: Questions and Prayers Go Unanswered in Scorsese’s ‘Silence’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/22/movies/hidden-figures-review.html
Review: ‘Hidden Figures’ Honors 3 Black Women Who Helped NASA Soar
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/22/movies/why-him-review-james-franco-bryan-cranston.html
Review: ‘Why Him?’ Better Yet, Why This Movie?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/22/movies/a-monster-calls-review.html
Review: ‘A Monster Calls,’ Offering a Boy a Lifeline
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/20/movies/the-autopsy-of-jane-doe-review.html
Review: ‘The Autopsy of Jane Doe’ Raises Mighty Goose Bumps
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/20/movies/julieta-review-pedro-almodovar.html
Review: Another Woman on the Verge in Almodóvar’s ‘Julieta’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/20/movies/assassins-creed-review-michael-fassbender.html
Review: ‘Assassin’s Creed’ Whisks Michael Fassbender to 1492 Spain
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/20/movies/passengers-review-jennifer-lawrence-chris-pratt.html
Review: Two ‘Passengers’ Trapped on a Spaceship Find Love Amid Despair
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/20/movies/sing-review-matthew-mcconaughey.html
Review: ‘Sing’ Gives Animated Belters a Stage
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/20/movies/patriots-day-boston-marathon-review.html
Review: ‘Patriots Day,’ a Mosaic of Portraits From Marathon Bombing
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/15/movies/barry-review-barack-obama.html
Review: Before Barack, There Was ‘Barry’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/15/movies/fences-review-denzel-washington-viola-davis.html
Review: Beneath the Bombast, ‘Fences’ Has an Aching Poetry
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/15/movies/neruda-review-gael-garcia-bernal.html
Review: ‘Neruda’ Pursues the Poet as Fugitive
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/15/movies/collateral-beauty-review-will-smith.html
Review: Lots of Plastic in the Face of ‘Collateral Beauty’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/15/movies/short-stay-review.html
Review: A ‘Short Stay,’ but Long Stuck in a Rut
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/15/movies/the-ataxian-review.html
Review: A Race to Raise Awareness in ‘The Ataxian’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/15/movies/the-hollow-point-review.html
Review: Matter-of-Fact Mayhem Strikes in ‘The Hollow Point’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/15/movies/solace-review-anthony-hopkins.html
Review: ‘Solace’ Enlists Anthony Hopkins as a Psychic in a Serial-Killer Case
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/15/movies/two-lovers-and-a-bear-review.html
Review: ‘Two Lovers and a Bear’ Walk Onto Some Arctic Ice
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/15/movies/the-wasted-times-review.html
Review: ‘The Wasted Times,’ a Hopscotching Shanghai Crime Tale
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/13/movies/ghostland-the-view-of-the-ju-hoansi-review.html
Review: Goodbye to Giraffe Meat in ‘Ghostland’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/13/movies/star-wars-rogue-one-review.html
Review: ‘Rogue One’ Leaves ‘Star Wars’ Fans Wanting More and Less
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/movies/the-brand-new-testament-review.html
Review: God Is Alive and Crabby, According to ‘The Brand New Testament’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/movies/lost-and-beautiful-review.html
Review: Angels, Some of This Earth, in ‘Lost and Beautiful’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/movies/la-la-land-review-ryan-gosling-emma-stone.html
Review: Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone Aswirl in Tra La La Land
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/movies/all-we-had-review-katie-holmes.html
Review: Katie Holmes Directs Her First Feature, ‘All We Had’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/movies/frank-and-lola-review-michael-shannon-imogen-poots.html
Review: ‘Frank & Lola,’ Retreading Old Ground
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/movies/beyond-the-gates-review.html
Review: A Trip to Hell, via the VCR, in ‘Beyond the Gates’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/movies/burn-country-review.html
Review: An Afghan in a Strange Land (California) in ‘Burn Country’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/movies/harry-benson-shoot-first-review.html
Review: ‘Harry Benson: Shoot First,’ on Photographing the Beatles and Others
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/movies/office-christmas-party-review-tj-miller-jennifer-aniston.html
Review: You’ve Got to Fight for Your Right to an ‘Office Christmas Party’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/movies/on-the-map-review.html
Review: The Team That Put Israeli Basketball ‘On the Map’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/movies/slash-review.html
Review: ‘Slash’ Has Proud Outcasts With Bold Imaginations
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/movies/sword-master-review.html
Review: You Quit? Think Again, ‘Sword Master’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/movies/things-to-come-review-isabelle-huppert.html
Review: Isabelle Huppert Is Great in ‘Things to Come.’ Discuss.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/movies/two-trains-runnin-review.html
Review: In ‘Two Trains Runnin’,’ the Convergence of Idealism, Brutality and Artistic Genius
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/movies/best-and-most-beautiful-things-review.html
Review: ‘Best and Most Beautiful Things,’ About a Disabled Woman’s Place in the World
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/movies/the-eyes-of-my-mother-review.html
Review: A Woman’s Horrific Unraveling in ‘The Eyes of My Mother’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/movies/hogtown-review.html
Review: ‘Hogtown’ Tells a Poetic Detective Story in Chicago
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/movies/jackie-review-natalie-portman.html
‘Jackie’: Under the Widow’s Weeds, a Myth Marketer
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/movies/the-duelist-review.html
Review: ‘The Duelist’ Is a Good Shot. A Very Good Shot.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/movies/goodnight-brooklyn-review-the-story-of-death-by-audio.html
Review: ‘Goodnight Brooklyn: The Story of Death by Audio,’ Alive in Spirit
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/movies/man-down-review-shia-labeouf.html
Review: ‘Man Down’ Looks at Combat Trauma Through a Marine’s Eyes
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/movies/pet-review.html
Review: That ‘Pet’ at the Shelter Looks Like a Caged Woman
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/movies/review-siren.html
Review: ‘Siren’ Suggests Grooms-to-Be Ought to Stay Home
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/movies/sky-on-fire-review.html
Review: ‘Sky on Fire,’ or Is That Just a Gleaming C.G.I. Skyscraper?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/movies/videofilia-and-other-viral-syndromes-review.html
Review: ‘Videofilia (and Other Viral Syndromes)’ Is a Digital Hall of Mirrors
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/30/movies/one-more-time-with-feeling-review-nick-cave.html
Review: ‘One More Time With Feeling’ Listens to Nick Cave’s Darkness
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/29/movies/old-stone-review-johnny-ma.html
Review: Compassion Is Expensive for a Cabby in ‘Old Stone’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/29/movies/bobby-sands-66-days-review.html
Review: ‘Bobby Sands: 66 Days’ Lionizes an I.R.A. Martyr
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/25/movies/dear-zindagi-review.html
Review: In ‘Dear Zindagi,’ a Conflicted Woman in Search of a Truer Life
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/24/movies/always-shine-review.html
Review: Two Friends Take a Trip, Heavy Baggage in Tow, in ‘Always Shine’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/24/movies/baden-baden-review.html
Review: A Free Spirit Remains Undaunted in ‘Baden Baden’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/24/movies/evolution-review-lucile-hadzihalilovic.html
Review: ‘Evolution’ Goes to a Magical Place You Wouldn’t Want to Live In
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/24/movies/review-seasons.html
Review: The Nature Documentary ‘Seasons’ Looks at Land Animals
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/24/movies/tank-432-review.html
Review: In ‘Tank 432,’ on the Run, but Stuck in a Morass
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/24/movies/mifune-the-last-samurai-review-toshiro-mifune.html
Review: ‘Mifune: The Last Samurai’ Celebrates a Fearless Actor
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/24/movies/lion-review-dev-patel.html
Review: ‘Lion’ Brings Tears for a Lost Boy, Wiped Dry by Google
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/24/movies/miss-sloane-review-jessica-chastain.html
Review: A Chilly ‘Miss Sloane’ Makes a Lecture Out of Lobbying
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/movies/allied-review-brad-pitt-marion-cotillard.html
Review: ‘Allied,’ With Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard, Uncorks a Favorite Vintage
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/movies/rules-dont-apply-review-warren-beatty.html
Review: ‘Rules Don’t Apply’ Features Warren Beatty as Howard Hughes
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/movies/moana-review.html
Review: ‘Moana,’ Brave Princess on a Voyage With a Chicken
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/movies/bad-santa-2-review-billy-bob-thornton.html
Review: ‘Bad Santa 2’ Works Through Mommy Issues
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/bleed-for-this-review-miles-teller.html
Review: ‘Bleed for This’ Is a Boxing Movie That Gets Boxing
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/the-edge-of-seventeen-review-hailee-steinfeld.html
Review: ‘The Edge of Seventeen’ Takes Teenage Movies to a Higher Place
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/off-the-rails-review.html
Review: In ‘Off the Rails,’ an Eager Conductor Stalks New York’s Transit System
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/best-worst-thing-that-ever-could-have-happened-review-stephen-sondheim.html
Review: Merrily (and Ruefully) Recalling an Epic Broadway Flop
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/uncle-howard-review-howard-brookner.html
Review: ‘Uncle Howard’ Looks Back at a Filmmaker’s Work Cut Short
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/the-take-review-idris-elba.html
Review: A Pickpocket Is Recruited by the C.I.A. in ‘The Take’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/ne-me-quitte-pas-review-dont-leave-me.html
Review: ‘Ne Me Quitte Pas’ Takes 2 Alcoholics and Chronicles the Tedium of Their Lives
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/nocturnal-animals-review-amy-adams-jake-gyllenhaal.html
Review: ‘Nocturnal Animals,’ Brutality Between the Pages and Among the Fabulous
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/review-the-love-witch.html
Review: ‘The Love Witch,’ Hell-Bent on Capturing Your Heart
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/ali-and-nino-review.html
Review: ‘Ali and Nino,’ a Love Story Set Against Majestic Backdrops
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/blood-on-the-mountain-review.html
Review: ‘Blood on the Mountain’ Looks at the Ravages of Coal Mining
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/life-on-the-line-review-john-travolta-kate-bosworth.html
Review: ‘Life on the Line,’ a Plodding View of High-Wire Labor
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/a-street-cat-named-bob-review-luke-treadaway.html
Review: ‘A Street Cat Named Bob’ Helps His Owner Detox
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/i-am-not-madame-bovary-review.html
Review: ‘I Am Not Madame Bovary’ Takes Man Trouble to New Levels
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/magnus-review.html
Review: ‘Magnus’ Delves Into the Life of a ‘Mozart of Chess’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/manchester-by-the-sea-review-kenneth-lonergan-casey-affleck.html
Review: ‘Manchester by the Sea’ and the Tides of Grief
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/fantastic-beasts-and-where-to-find-them-review-eddie-redmayne-j-k-rowling.html
Review: ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Unleashes J.K. Rowling’s Magic on Old New York
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/18/movies/the-illinois-parables-review.html
Review: ‘The Illinois Parables’ Soothes and Inflames Feelings About America
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/16/movies/notes-on-blindness-review-john-hull.html
Review: ‘Notes on Blindness’ Is John Hull’s Trip From Darkness to Light
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/16/movies/review-hunter-gatherer-profiles-two-men-living-on-the-margins.html
Review: ‘Hunter Gatherer’ Profiles Two Men Living on the Margins
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/12/movies/shut-in-review-naomi-watts.html
Review: ‘Shut In’ (Naomi Watts Should Really Get Out More)
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/movies/arrival-review-amy-adams-jeremy-renner.html
Review: Aliens Drop Anchor in ‘Arrival,’ but What Are Their Intentions?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/movies/elle-review-isabelle-huppert.html
Review: In ‘Elle,’ Isabelle Huppert Subverts the Role of Rape Victim
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/movies/almost-christmas-review.html
Review: ‘Almost Christmas,’ a Home-for-the-Holidays Comedy
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/movies/disturbing-the-peace-review.html
Review: ‘Disturbing the Peace’ Profiles Israelis and Palestinians United Against Violence
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/movies/the-monster-review.html
Review: Watch the Road, and the Driver, Too, in ‘The Monster’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/movies/national-bird-review.html
Review: ‘National Bird’ Follows Whistle-Blowers in America’s Drone War
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/movies/the-anthropologist-review.html
Review: ‘The Anthropologist’ Tells a Mother-Daughter Story, With Rising Seawater
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/movies/aspergers-are-us-review.html
Review: ‘Asperger’s Are Us’ Delivers Smart, Perplexing Humor
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/movies/dreamland-review-robert-schwartzman.html
Review: A Pianist Adrift Encounters a Cougar in ‘Dreamland’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/movies/iron-moon-review.html
Review: In ‘Iron Moon,’ Poets Who Know What Work Is
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/movies/come-and-find-me-review-aaron-paul.html
Review: ‘Come and Find Me.’ Then Again, Maybe Not.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/movies/lazy-eye-review.html
Review: In ‘Lazy Eye,’ Yakking Ex-Lovers Reconnect
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/movies/uss-indianapolis-men-of-courage-review-nicolas-cage.html
Review: ‘U.S.S. Indianapolis,’ a War (Yawn) Catastrophe
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/movies/uncle-kent-2-review-kent-osborne.html
Review: ‘Uncle Kent 2,’ How’s Your Tolerance for Hipster Milquetoasts?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/movies/oscar-winner-ang-lees-billy-lynns-long-halftime-walk.html
Review: ‘Billy Lynn’s Long Halftime Walk’: Ang Lee’s Super-High-Definition Take on the Iraq War
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/04/movies/loving-review-joel-edgerton-ruth-negga.html
Review: In ‘Loving,’ They Loved. A Segregated Virginia Did Not Love Them Back.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/04/movies/peter-and-the-farm-review.html
Review: Tending the Tempest Within in ‘Peter and the Farm’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/04/movies/we-are-x-review-x-japan.html
Review: ‘We Are X’ Explores the Travails and Triumphs of a Rock Band
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/04/movies/the-prison-in-twelve-landscapes-review.html
Review: ‘The Prison in Twelve Landscapes’ Reveals the Invisible Tentacles of Mass Incarceration
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/04/movies/doctor-strange-review.html
Review: ‘Doctor Strange’ and His Most Excellent Adventure
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/04/movies/the-ivory-game-review.html
Review: ‘The Ivory Game’ Follows the Fight to Protect Elephants
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/04/movies/ivory-a-crime-story-review.html
Review: ‘Ivory. A Crime Story,’ or the Plight of African Elephants
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/04/movies/dog-eat-dog-review-willem-dafoe-nicolas-cage.html
Review: ‘Dog Eat Dog’ Is a Pulpy Tale With Nasty, Bumbling Crooks
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/04/movies/trolls-review.html
Review: The ‘Trolls’ Embark on a High-Haired Rescue Mission
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/04/movies/-my-dead-boyfriend-review.html
Review: ‘My Dead Boyfriend’ Shares a Life, After the Fact
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/04/movies/rainbow-time-review.html
Review: In ‘Rainbow Time,’ Big Brother’s Watching (and Lusting)
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/04/movies/the-pickle-recipe-review.html
Review: ‘The Pickle Recipe’ Is a Sweet and Sour Caper
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/04/movies/review-trash-fire.html
Review: In ‘Trash Fire,’ a Familiar Formula Fails
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/02/movies/dont-call-me-son-review-anna-muylaert.html
Review: ‘Don’t Call Me Son’ Considers Identity and Fluidity
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/02/movies/the-eagle-huntress-review.html
Review: In ‘The Eagle Huntress,’ a Girl From Mongolia Soars
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/02/movies/hacksaw-ridge-review-andrew-garfield-mel-gibson.html
Review: ‘Hacksaw Ridge’ Has the Guts and the Glory. But Where’s the Gun?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/28/movies/gimme-danger-review-iggy-pop.html
Review: Iggy Pop Bares All, and Nothing, in ‘Gimme Danger’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/28/movies/into-the-inferno-review-werner-herzog.html
Review: ‘Into the Inferno,’ Staring Down the Terrors of Nature
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/28/movies/inferno-review-tom-hanks-felicity-jones.html
Review: In ‘Inferno,’ Breathlessly Globe-Trotting and Decoding to Save the World
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/28/movies/by-sidney-lumet-review.html
Review: ‘By Sidney Lumet’ Puts the Director in Front of the Camera
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/28/movies/a-billion-lives-review.html
Review: ‘A Billion Lives’ Claims There’s a Conspiracy Against Vaping
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/28/movies/crosscurrent-review.html
Review: In ‘Crosscurrent,’ a Melancholy Journey Along the Yangtze
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/28/movies/finding-babel-review.html
Review: ‘Finding Babel’ Retraces a Celebrated Grandfather’s Footsteps
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/28/movies/the-greasy-strangler-review.html
Review: ‘The Greasy Strangler’ Pairs Father and Son in Tours and Gore
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/28/movies/mr-donkey-review.html
Review: In ‘Mr. Donkey,’ a Village School’s Ruse Farcically Backfires
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/28/movies/thank-you-for-your-service-review.html
Review: ‘Thank You for Your Service,’ Stories of Soldiers and Suicide
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/28/movies/the-unspoken-review.html
Review: ‘The Unspoken’: If You Move Here, Find a Realtor Fast
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/28/movies/youve-been-trumped-too-review.html
Review: Another Look at Donald Trump’s Scottish Dealings
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/26/movies/review-supersonic-oasis.html
Review: In ‘Supersonic,’ the Band Oasis and Its Combative Brothers
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/26/movies/review-portrait-of-a-garden.html
Review: 500 Years of Cultivation in ‘Portrait of a Garden’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/22/movies/review-tyler-perry-boo-a-madea-halloween.html
Review: ‘Boo! A Madea Halloween’ Finds Tyler Perry in the Usual Costume(s)
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/fire-at-sea-review.html
‘Fire at Sea’ Is Not the Documentary You’d Expect About the Migrant Crisis. It’s Better.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/the-handmaiden-review.html
Review: ‘The Handmaiden’ Explores Confinement in Rich, Erotic Textures
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/creepy-review.html
Review: In ‘Creepy,’ a Cold Case Turns Red Hot, but Don’t Tell the Neighbors
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/ouija-origin-of-evil-review.html
Review: In ‘Ouija: Origin of Evil,’ a Youngster Who Nails ‘Creepy’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/a-stray-review.html
Review: ‘A Stray’ and a Muslim in Search of Acceptance
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/moonlight-review.html
‘Moonlight’: Is This the Year’s Best Movie?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/jack-reacher-never-go-back-review-tom-cruise.html
Review: Tom Cruise Has a Familiar Furrow in ‘Jack Reacher: Never Go Back’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/american-pastoral-review-ewan-mcgregor.html
Review: ‘American Pastoral,’ Philip Roth’s Fiery 1960s at Low Heat
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/in-a-valley-of-violence-review.html
Review: Don’t Mess With the Dog in ‘In a Valley of Violence’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/keeping-up-with-the-joneses-review.html
Review: ‘Keeping Up With the Joneses’ Might Not Be Worth It
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/king-cobra-review-james-franco-christian-slater.html
Review: It’s Pornographer vs. Pornographer in ‘King Cobra’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/it-had-to-be-you-review.html
Review: ‘It Had to Be You’ Is a Witty Rom-Com With a 1950s Feel
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/31-review-rob-zombie.html
Review: Rob Zombie’s ‘31’ Traffics in Gore and Bad Taste
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/the-uncondemned-review.html
Review: In ‘The Uncondemned,’ Rwandan Rape Survivors Seek Justice
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/the-whole-truth-review.html
Review: ‘The Whole Truth,’ or a Slimmed-Down Version of It
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/movies/before-the-flood-review-leonardo-dicaprio.html
Review: In ‘Before the Flood,’ Leonardo DiCaprio Sounds the Climate-Change Alarm
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/20/movies/review-michael-moore-in-trumpland.html
Review: ‘Michael Moore in TrumpLand’ Isn’t About Donald Trump
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/aquarius-review.html
Review: In ‘Aquarius,’ a Widow Fights to Keep Her Home
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/little-sister-review.html
Review: In ‘Little Sister,’ an Aspiring Nun With a Love of Goth Visits Her Troubled Family
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/miss-hokusai-review.html
Review: In ‘Miss Hokusai,’ an Apprentice to the Artistic Life
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/kevin-hart-what-now-review.html
Review: In ‘Kevin Hart: What Now?,’ a Stadium Brimming With Brash Stand-Up
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/christine-review-rebecca-hall.html
Review: In ‘Christine,’ Why Did She Pull the Trigger? We Don’t Know
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/certain-women-review-kristen-stewart-michelle-williams-laura-dern.html
Review: ‘Certain Women’ Are Worlds Unto Themselves
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/coming-through-the-rye-review.html
Review: ‘Coming Through the Rye’ Tracks Down J.D. Salinger
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/asura-the-city-of-madness-review.html
Review: A Crooked Cop Is Caught Between 2 Brutal Masters in ‘Asura: The City of Madness’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/the-david-dance-review.html
Review: In ‘The David Dance,’ a Gay Man Sheds His Crippling Self-Doubt
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/desierto-review-jonas-cuaron-gael-garca-bernal.html
Review: Stranded Migrants Are Easy Marks for a Madman in ‘Desierto’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/huntwatch-review.html
Review: ‘Huntwatch’ Chronicles a Hard-Fought Battle to Protect Seals
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/jack-goes-home-review.html
Review: For ‘Jack Goes Home,’ Cue the Horror Soundtrack
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/review-maya-angelou-and-still-i-rise.html
Review: ‘Maya Angelou: And Still I Rise,’ a Life Well Lived
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/sky-ladder-the-art-of-cai-guo-qiang-review.html
Review: Fireworks in ‘Sky Ladder: The Art of Cai Guo-Qiang’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/ordinary-world-review-billie-joe-armstrong.html
Review: ‘Ordinary World’ Puts Billie Joe Armstrong in the Bland Lane
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/movies/review-in-the-accountant-a-savant-with-daddy-issues-has-a-dark-secret.html
Review: In ‘The Accountant,’ Ben Affleck Plays a Savant With a Dark Secret
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/13/movies/mascots-review.html
Review: ‘Mascots’ Suffers From Mockumentary Fatigue Syndrome
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/12/movies/tower-review-mass-shootings.html
Review: ‘Tower,’ About 1966, Before Mass Shootings Became Routine
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/11/movies/shin-godzilla-review.html
Review: ‘Godzilla’ Returns, Again, With a Wink
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/movies/review-middle-school-where-the-principal-is-mean-and-the-pranks-messy.html
Review: ‘Middle School,’ Where the Principal Is Mean and the Pranks Messy
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/movies/newtown-review.html
Review: In ‘Newtown,’ Understated Eloquence but No Peace
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/movies/theo-who-lived-review.html
Review: In ‘Theo Who Lived,’ a Journalist Tells of His Capture by Al Qaeda
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/movies/review-in-being-17-2-boys-teeter-between-animosity-and-attraction.html
Review: In ‘Being 17,’ 2 Boys Teeter Between Animosity and Attraction
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/movies/under-the-shadow-review.html
Review: An Undetonated Missile and Evil Spirits Lurk in ‘Under the Shadow’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/movies/voyage-of-time-review.html
Review: ‘Voyage of Time,’ the Cosmology of Terrence Malick (the Short Version)
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/movies/blue-jay-review-mark-duplass-sarah-paulson.html
Review: In ‘Blue Jay,’ Returning to Romantic Roads Not Taken
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/movies/mirzya-review.html
Review: In ‘Mirzya,’ Echoes of ‘Romeo and Juliet,’ Lushly Shot
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/movies/ovation-review-henry-jaglom.html
Review: In Henry Jaglom’s ‘Ovation,’ the Action Is Backstage
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/movies/37-review-kitty-genovese.html
Review: ‘37,’ a Fictional Retelling of the Kitty Genovese Story
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/movies/the-great-gilly-hopkins-review.html
Review: ‘The Great Gilly Hopkins,’ a Child’s Story Elevated by Grown-Ups
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/movies/the-late-bloomer-review.html
Review: ‘The Late Bloomer,’ About a Sex Therapist Who Missed Puberty
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/movies/london-town-review.html
Review: Growing Up Fast in ‘London Town’ Amid Punk and Thatcherism
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/movies/the-birth-of-a-nation-review-nate-parker.html
Review: In Nate Parker’s ‘The Birth of a Nation,’ Must-See and Won’t-See Collide
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/movies/the-girl-on-the-train-review-emily-blunt.html
Review: In ‘The Girl on the Train,’ a Boozy Emily Blunt Never Winks
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/05/movies/homeland-iraq-year-zero-review.html
Review: ‘Homeland: Iraq Year Zero’ Chronicles a War-Torn Family
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/03/movies/review-ms-dhoni-the-untold-story-recalls-a-cricketers-ascent.html
Review: ‘M.S. Dhoni: The Untold Story’ Recalls a Cricketer’s Ascent
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/13th-review-ava-duvernay.html
Review: ‘13TH,’ the Journey From Shackles to Prison Bars
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/miss-peregrines-home-for-peculiar-children-review.html
Review: In ‘Miss Peregrine’s Home,’ Chasing Grandpa’s Stories Down a Rabbit Hole
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/harry-snowman-review.html
Review: ‘Harry & Snowman’ Recalls a Man and a Horse of Powerful Haunches
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/review-amanda-knox-documentary.html
Review: In ‘Amanda Knox,’ a Murder and Journalism Run Amok
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/american-honey-review-andrea-arnold.html
Review: Youthful Recklessness Finds Adventure on the Road in ‘American Honey’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/review-girl-asleep.html
Review: In ‘Girl Asleep,’ Floating Through a Teenage Fantasia
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/denial-review-rachel-weisz-denial.html
Review: In ‘Denial,’ Confronting a Holocaust Revisionist in Court
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/among-the-believers-review.html
Review: In ‘Among the Believers,’ a Cleric Holds Sway
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/review-danny-says-a-paean-to-a-rock-gadfly-and-tastemaker.html
Review: ‘Danny Says,’ a Paean to a Rock Gadfly and Tastemaker
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/review-do-not-resist.html
Review: ‘Do Not Resist,’ or When a Police Force Becomes an Army
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/review-long-way-north.html
Review: The Animated ‘Long Way North’ Finds a Girl on a Journey
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/a-man-called-ove-review.html
Review: In ‘A Man Called Ove,’ Don’t Let That Scowl Fool You
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/the-rolling-stones-ole-ole-ole-review.html
Review: ‘The Rolling Stones Olé, Olé, Olé!’ Captures Tour Euphoria in Latin America
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/masterminds-review-zach-galifianakis.html
Review: ‘Masterminds,’ a Tale of Grand Larceny and Meager Gray Matter
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/never-surrender-the-ed-ramsey-story-review.html
Review: ‘Never Surrender: The Ed Ramsey Story,’ an Overdue Paean to a War Hero
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/passage-to-mars-review.html
Review: ‘Passage to Mars,’ an Otherworldly Voyage on Earth
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/30/movies/deepwater-horizon-review-mark-wahlberg.html
Review: In ‘Deepwater Horizon,’ Oil, Fire and Greed
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/28/movies/review-tharlo.html
Review: In ‘Tharlo,’ a Shepherd’s Life Upended by a Trip to the City
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/28/movies/review-sand-storm-follows-a-bedouin-mother-and-daughter-in-quiet-revolts.html
Review: ‘Sand Storm’ Follows a Bedouin Mother and Daughter in Quiet Revolts
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/chicken-people-review.html
Review: ‘Chicken People,’ Pampering Royalty That Clucks
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/chronic-review.html
Review: An Unflinching Portrayal of Impending Mortality in ‘Chronic’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/closet-monster-review.html
Review: In ‘Closet Monster,’ a Teenager’s Self-Discovery Is Tinged With Danger
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/the-jazz-loft-according-to-w-eugene-smith-review.html
Review: ‘The Jazz Loft According to W. Eugene Smith’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/queen-of-katwe-review.html
Review: In ‘Queen of Katwe,’ a Pawn Finds Her Crown Through Chess
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/audrie-daisy-review.html
Review: ‘Audrie & Daisy,’ on Sexual Assault and Technology
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/the-age-of-shadows-review.html
Review: In ‘The Age of Shadows,’ Plot’s Fine, but Action’s Better
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/the-lovers-and-the-despot-review.html
Review: In ‘The Lovers and the Despot,’ a Harrowing Korean Ordeal
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/the-free-world-review.html
Review: In ‘The Free World,’ Being Free Isn’t All It’s Cracked Up to Be
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/goat-review-nick-jonas.html
Review: In ‘Goat,’ Frat Brothers Unleash Their Sadistic Terror
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/it-review.html
Review: In ‘I.T.,’ Smart House, Dumb Owner
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/my-blind-brother-review.html
Review: ‘My Blind Brother,’ Who Is Also a Major Pain
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/1000-rupee-note-review.html
Review: ‘1000 Rupee Note,’ a Poor Widow’s Blessing and Curse
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/the-ruins-of-lifta-review.html
Review: In ‘The Ruins of Lifta,’ a Dispute Amid the Rubble
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/seed-the-untold-story-review.html
Review: In ‘Seed: The Untold Story,’ It’s Farmers Versus Big Business
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/the-dressmaker-review-kate-winslet.html
Review: In ‘The Dressmaker,’ a Femme Fatale Wants Vengeance
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/review-storks-an-uneasy-return-to-delivering-babies.html
Review: ‘Storks,’ an Uneasy Return to Delivering Babies
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/movies/magnificent-seven-review-denzel-washington.html
Review: Denzel Washington Rides High in ‘The Magnificent Seven’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/22/movies/the-thief-and-the-cobbler-review.html
Review: A Rough Cut of ‘The Thief and the Cobbler’ Makes It to MoMA
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/review-operation-avalanche.html
Review: ‘Operation Avalanche,’ a Tale of Film Nerds on a Kubrick Caper
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/miss-stevens-review.html
Review: In ‘Miss Stevens,’ a Chaperone Greets Temptation
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/dancer-review-sergei-polunin.html
Review: Bad Boy of the Royal Ballet Regains His Footing in ‘Dancer’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/blair-witch-review.html
Review: ‘Blair Witch’: Don’t Go Back Into the Woods
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/southwest-of-salem-review.html
Review: In ‘Southwest of Salem,’ 4 Women Convicted of Sexual Assault Fight for Justice
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/the-vessel-review.html
Review: ‘The Vessel’: Learning to Forge Ahead After Wrenching Loss
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/the-beatles-eight-days-a-week-review.html
Review: ‘The Beatles: Eight Days a Week’ Taking the World by Storm
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/cardboard-boxer-review.html
Review: ‘Cardboard Boxer’: Homeless Man’s Redemption via a Diary
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/a-family-affair-review.html
Review: ‘A Family Affair,’ or Airing Dirty Laundry
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/finding-altamira-review.html
Review: ‘Finding Altamira’: A Prehistoric Discovery, Vehemently Disputed
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/hillsong-let-hope-rise-review.html
Review: In ‘Hillsong — Let Hope Rise,’ a Strumming Ministry Packs in Crowds
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/is-that-a-gun-in-your-pocket-review.html
Review: A Sex-or-Guns Comedy That Might Make Aristophanes Wince
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/silicon-cowboys-review.html
Review: ‘Silicon Cowboys’ Tracks the Rise of Compaq Computer
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/tanna-review.html
Review: In ‘Tanna,’ Lovers Are Torn Apart to Keep Tribal Peace
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/snowden-review-oliver-stone-joseph-gordon-levitt.html
Review: ‘Snowden,’ Oliver Stone’s Restrained Portrait of a Whistle-Blower
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/16/movies/review-renee-zellweger-bridget-joness-baby.html
Review: A Zany Renée Zellweger and Mystery Daddy in ‘Bridget Jones’s Baby’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/14/movies/review-command-and-control-common-errors-nuclear-arms-and-consequences.html
Review: ‘Command and Control’: Common Errors, Nuclear Arms and Consequences
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/10/movies/review-when-the-bough-breaks-blame-a-scary-pregnancy-surrogate.html
Review: ‘When the Bough Breaks,’ Blame a Scary Pregnancy Surrogate
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/kicks-review.html
Review: In ‘Kicks,’ the Promise (and Perils) of Those Air Jordans
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/demon-review.html
Review: In ‘Demon,’ Wedding Jitters From the Uninvited Dead
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/review-as-i-open-my-eyes.html
Review: In ‘As I Open My Eyes,’ Feeling a Revolution Coming
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/cameraperson-review-kirsten-johnson.html
Review: In ‘Cameraperson,’ a Found Poem Filtered Through an Intent Eye
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/london-road-review.html
Review: 5 Murdered Prostitutes and an Anxious City in ‘London Road’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/sully-review.html
Review: Sully Landed the Plane. Then He Had to Endure the Spotlight.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/starving-the-beast-review-steve-mims.html
Review: ‘Starving the Beast’ Traces the Burdens of Higher Education Defunding
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/defying-the-nazis-review.html
Review: ‘Defying the Nazis’: An American Couple on a Rescue Mission
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/author-the-jt-leroy-story-review.html
Review: ‘Author: The JT Leroy Story’ Renders a Literary Charlatan
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/review-brother-nature.html
Review: ‘Brother Nature’: Fish Out of Water With the Future In-Laws
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/ithaca-review-meg-ryan-tom-hanks.html
Review: In ‘Ithaca,’ Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks Reunite for a War Story
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/for-the-love-of-spock-review.html
Review: ‘For the Love of Spock,’ a Son’s Tribute to Leonard Nimoy
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/the-wild-life-review.html
Review: In ‘The Wild Life,’ Island Critters School a Castaway
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/transpecos-review.html
Review: ‘Transpecos’: At a Dusty Border, a Trek Along a Moral Tightrope
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/other-people-review.html
Review: In ‘Other People,’ a Son’s Anxieties Mount as Tragedy Looms
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/landfill-harmonic-review.html
Review: In ‘Landfill Harmonic,’ One Person’s Trash Is a Child’s Violin
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/come-what-may-review.html
Review: ‘Come What May,’ an Ode to French Villagers Displaced by War
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/movies/apostate-review.html
Review: ‘The Apostate’ Chronicles a Rebellious Catholic
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/movies/equal-means-equal-review.html
Review: ‘Equal Means Equal’ Asks How Far Women Have Really Come
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/movies/white-girl-review.html
Review: ‘White Girl,’ a Tale of Cocaine, Sex and Privilege
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/movies/zoom-review.html
Review: In ‘Zoom,’ Everyone Feels Certain Body Parts Are Too Small
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/movies/the-light-between-oceans-review.html
Review: A Baby in a Boat Changes Everything in ‘The Light Between Oceans’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/movies/antibirth-review.html
Review: ‘Antibirth’ Invites the Question, Is This Your Adult-Size Infant?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/movies/the-academy-of-muses-review.html
Review: Look, Yes, but Listening Is the Key to ‘The Academy of Muses’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/movies/max-rose-jerry-lewis-review.html
Review: ‘Max Rose’ Has Jerry Lewis Tearful Over a Hint of Infidelity
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/movies/yoga-hosers-review-kevin-smith.html
Review: In Kevin Smith’s ‘Yoga Hosers,’ Enlightenment Is Elusive
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/movies/the-9th-life-of-louis-drax-review.html
Review: ‘The 9th Life of Louis Drax.’ So, Little Boys Get Nine Lives, Too?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/movies/skiptrace-review-jackie-chan.html
Review: Jokes, Not Punches, Land With a Thud in ‘Skiptrace’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/movies/kickboxer-vengeance-review.html
Review: In ‘Kickboxer: Vengeance,’ Duty Calls for an Unpracticed Fighter
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/movies/morgan-review.html
Review: In ‘Morgan,’ a Snow White With Lips Stained Red
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/31/movies/review-the-seasons-in-quincy-four-portraits-of-john-berger-lauds-a-renaissance-man.html
Review: ‘The Seasons in Quincy: Four Portraits of John Berger’ Lauds a Renaissance Man
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/27/movies/mechanic-resurrection-jason-statham-review.html
Review: Jason Statham in ‘Mechanic: Resurrection,’ a Hit Man on Cruise Control
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/mia-madre-review.html
‘Mia Madre’ Review: Mom’s in the Hospital. The Riot Scene Needs Retakes.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/fatima-review.html
Review: In ‘Fatima,’ a Muslim Mother Working in France Hits Her Limit
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/in-order-of-disappearance-review.html
Review: ‘In Order of Disappearance’ Emits a Dash of ‘Fargo’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/hands-of-stone-review.html
Review: ‘Hands of Stone’ Returns Robert De Niro to the Ring but Pulls Its Punches
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/blood-father-review-mel-gibson.html
Review: In ‘Blood Father,’ Mel Gibson Plays With Pulp Fiction
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/dont-breathe-review.html
Review: ‘Don’t Breathe’: Whose Bright Idea Was It to Rob a Blind Man?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/review-complete-unknown.html
Review: Rachel Weisz Toys With Identity in ‘Complete Unknown’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/dying-to-know-review-timothy-leary.html
Review: ‘Dying to Know’ How to Turn on, Tune in, Drop Out
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/floyd-norman-an-animated-life-review.html
Review: ‘Floyd Norman: An Animated Life’: He Broke Barriers at Disney
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/i-am-not-a-serial-killer-review.html
Review: ‘I Am Not a Serial Killer,’ but Somebody Is
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/the-hollars-review-john-krasinski.html
Review: ‘The Hollars’: Domestic Meltdowns in Middle America
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/the-intervention-review-clea-duvall.html
Review: In ‘The Intervention,’ There’s a Big Chill in the Air
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/is-that-you-review.html
Review: Pondering All of Life’s ‘What Ifs’ in ‘Is That You?’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/level-up-review.html
Review: In ‘Level Up,’ Yanked From a Video Game Stupor to a Real Mission
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/the-sea-of-trees-review-gus-van-sant.html
Review: Love, Loss and Spiritual Torment in ‘The Sea of Trees’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/movies/southside-with-you-review.html
Review: In an Obama Biopic, the Audacity of Hagiography?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/24/movies/kate-plays-christine-review.html
Review: ‘Kate Plays Christine,’ a Blurring of Fact and Fiction in a Suicide Story
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/24/movies/happy-hour-review.html
Review: In ‘Happy Hour,’ the Effects of One Divorce on Four Women
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/movies/spa-night-review.html
Review: Wrestling With Gay Identity and Parental Wishes in ‘Spa Night’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/movies/imperium-review-daniel-radcliffe.html
Review: Daniel Radcliffe Battles Homegrown Extremists in ‘Imperium’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/movies/review-ixcanul-from-luminous-ritual-to-emotional-explosions.html
Review: ‘Ixcanul,’ From Luminous Ritual to Emotional Explosions
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/movies/kubo-and-the-two-strings-review.html
Review: In ‘Kubo and the Two Strings,’ Origami Fuels an Animated Quest
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/movies/war-dogs-review-jonah-hill-miles-teller.html
Review: ‘War Dogs,’ an Absurd (and True) Gunrunning Tale
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/movies/morris-from-america-review.html
Review: ‘Morris From America’: A 13-Year-Old Stranger in a Strange Land
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/movies/ben-hur-review.html
Review: ‘Ben-Hur’ Is a Savage Update for a New Generation
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/movies/lo-and-behold-review-werner-herzog.html
Review: ‘Lo and Behold,’ the Danger, and Potential, of the Digital Revolution
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/movies/the-people-vs-fritz-bauer-review.html
Review: Treasonous Play for Justice in ‘The People vs. Fritz Bauer’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/movies/making-a-killing-review.html
Review: In ‘Making a Killing,’ Guns Do Slay People, Children Included
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/movies/kampai-for-the-love-of-sake-review.html
Review: ‘Kampai! For the Love of Sake’ Celebrates Japan’s Best-Known Libation
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/movies/review-kingsglaive-final-fantasy-xv-where-the-bad-guys-sport-silly-hats.html
Review: ‘Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy XV,’ Where the Bad Guys Sport Silly Hats
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/movies/spaceman-review-josh-duhamel.html
Review: In ‘Spaceman,’ a Pitcher Specializing in Brashness
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/movies/a-tale-of-love-and-darkness-review-natalie-portman-amos-oz.html
Review: From Natalie Portman, Israel’s Birth Distilled in Mood and Memory
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/17/movies/review-when-two-worlds-collide-portrays-a-battle-for-the-amazon.html
Review: ‘When Two Worlds Collide’ Portrays a Battle for the Amazon
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/15/movies/review-mohenjo-daro-depicts-a-go-to-heros-exertions-in-antiquity.html
Review: ‘Mohenjo Daro’ Depicts a Go-To Hero’s Exertions in Antiquity
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/12/movies/hell-or-high-water-review.html
Review: A Waltz Across Texas in ‘Hell or High Water’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/12/movies/anthropoid-review.html
Review: A Mission Against All Odds in the Wartime Thriller ‘Anthropoid’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/12/movies/joshy-review.html
Review: In ‘Joshy,’ Wedding’s Off, Bachelor Party’s a Go
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/12/movies/review-my-king.html
Review: In ‘My King,’ Blindly Falling Fast and Furious
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/12/movies/review-in-sausage-party-metaphysical-queries-and-orgies-in-aisle-5.html
‘Sausage Party’ Is an Animated Sex Comedy About Food ... and God
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/12/movies/the-model-review.html
Review: In ‘The Model,’ She’s Camera Ready but Woefully Naïve
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/12/movies/lost-arcade-review.html
Review: ‘The Lost Arcade,’ a Love Letter to Old New York
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/12/movies/edge-of-winter-review.html
Review: In ‘Edge of Winter,’ an Unstable Dad With a Gun
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/12/movies/operation-chromite-review.html
Review: ‘Operation Chromite’ Revisits a Korean War Invasion
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/12/movies/petes-dragon-review.html
Review: In ‘Pete’s Dragon,’ a Magical Bond in Peril Again
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/12/movies/abortion-stories-women-tell-review.html
Review: Beyond the Politics in ‘Abortion: Stories Women Tell’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/12/movies/disorder-review.html
Review: In ‘Disorder,’ Danger Lurks in Many Corners, or None at All
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/12/movies/review-meryl-streep-as-florence-foster-jenkins.html
Review: ‘Florence Foster Jenkins,’ Singing So Wretched It’s Legendary
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/10/movies/review-an-art-that-nature-makes-an-illuminating-look-at-rosamond-purcell.html
Review: ‘An Art That Nature Makes,’ an Illuminating Look at Rosamond Purcell
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/06/movies/nine-lives-kevin-spacey-jennifer-garner-review.html
Review: In ‘Nine Lives,’ a Man’s Life Is Like a Litter Box
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/movies/little-men-review.html
Review: In ‘Little Men,’ Boys Develop a Bond That Is Threatened by Money
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/movies/the-little-prince-review.html
Review: Fanciful Classic ‘The Little Prince’ Is Turned Into Modernist Fable
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/movies/will-you-dance-with-me-review.html
Review: Dim All the Lights, Again: ‘Will You Dance With Me?’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/movies/neither-heaven-nor-earth-review.html
Review: ‘Neither Heaven Nor Earth’ Engages the Horrors of War
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/movies/bazodee-review.html
Review: Soul of Calypso Elevates the Bollywood-Flavored ‘Bazodee’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/movies/front-cover-review.html
Review: In ‘Front Cover,’ Struggling for Self-Acceptance
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/movies/the-brooklyn-banker-review.html
Review: In ‘The Brooklyn Banker,’ Troy Garity Shows Promise (With the Mob)
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/movies/citizen-soldier-review.html
Review: War Made Terrifyingly Palpable in ‘Citizen Soldier’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/movies/collective-unconscious-review.html
Review: ‘collective:unconscious,’ the Stuff of Dreams Reinterpreted
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/movies/review-five-nights-in-maine-probes-the-pain-of-loss.html
Review: ‘Five Nights in Maine’ Probes the Pain of Loss
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/movies/multiple-maniacs-review-john-waters.html
Review: The Lobster Scene in ‘Multiple Maniacs’? It Still Startles
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/movies/richard-linklater-dream-is-destiny-review.html
Review: ‘Richard Linklater: Dream Is Destiny’ Lionizes a Maverick Talent
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/movies/the-tenth-man-review.html
Review: In ‘The Tenth Man,’ Contending With a Father and a Traditional Upbringing
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/movies/olympic-pride-american-prejudice-review.html
Review: ‘Olympic Pride, American Prejudice’ Recalls Black Athletes in 1936
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/movies/suicide-squad-review-dc-comics.html
Review: ‘Suicide Squad’ Chases Nihilistic Swagger but Trips Over Its Own Feet
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/movies/gleason-review.html
Review: In ‘Gleason,’ a Devastating Diagnosis Prompts a New Mission
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/movies/indignation-review.html
Review: ‘Indignation’ Offers a Precisely Rendered, and Repressive, 1950s America
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/movies/equity-review.html
Review: In ‘Equity,’ No Room for Sisterhood Amid Gloves-Off Wall Street Warfare
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/movies/homo-sapiens-review.html
Review: Empty Spaces Show the Imprint of Humanity in ‘Homo Sapiens’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/movies/tallulah-review-ellen-page-allison-janney.html
Review: Three Women (and a Baby) at a Crossroads in ‘Tallulah’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/movies/review-into-the-forest-be-very-very-quiet-the-worlds-ending.html
Review: ‘Into the Forest’: Be Very, Very Quiet. The World’s Ending.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/movies/on-the-silver-globe-review.html
Review: ‘On the Silver Globe,’ Andrzej Zulawski’s Thwarted Sci-Fi Masterwork
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/movies/ants-on-a-shrimp-review.html
Review: ‘Ants on a Shrimp’ and Other Delicacies Test a Chef’s Mettle
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/movies/can-we-take-a-joke-review.html
Review: ‘Can We Take a Joke?’ The Answer Appears to Be Not Anymore
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/movies/in-lace-crater-review.html
Review: In ‘Lace Crater,’ Regretting That Tryst With a Ghost
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/movies/the-land-review.html
Review: In ‘The Land,’ Fast Money Brings Friends Deep Trouble
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/movies/miss-sharon-jones-review.html
Review: ‘Miss Sharon Jones!’: The Shimmies and Shouts of a Survivor
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/movies/shelley-review.html
Review: In ‘Shelley,’ She’s Expecting. But What, Exactly?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/movies/bad-moms-review.html
Review: ‘Bad Moms,’ a Comedy of Outrage Pegged to Smother Mothers
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/movies/jason-bourne-matt-damon-review.html
Review: In ‘Jason Bourne,’ a Midlife Crisis for a Harried Former Assassin
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/27/movies/hieronymus-bosch-touched-by-the-devil-review.html
Review: Hieronymus Bosch, for Whom the Devil Was Always in the Details
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/27/movies/nerve-review-emma-roberts.html
Review: In ‘Nerve,’ a Shy Girl Seduced by the Internet
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/movies/dont-think-twice-mike-birbliglia-improv-comedy-review.html
Review: ‘Don’t Think Twice’: Mike Birbiglia’s Smart Comedy
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/movies/seventh-fire-review.html
Review: ‘The Seventh Fire’ Explores Drug Abuse on an Indian Reservation
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/movies/train-to-busan-review.html
Review: All Aboard ‘Train to Busan’ for Zombie and Class Warfare
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/movies/summertime-review.html
Review: Warm Burst of Romantic Bliss in ‘Summertime’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/movies/review-fight-valley.html
Review: Avenging a Sister’s Death in ‘Fight Valley’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/movies/hillarys-america-dinesh-dsouza-review.html
Review: In ‘Hillary’s America,’ Dinesh D’Souza Warns of a Plan to ‘Steal’ the Country
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/movies/childhood-of-a-leader-review.html
Review: In ‘The Childhood of a Leader,’ a Monster Made, Not Born
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/movies/quitters-review.html
Review: In ‘Quitters,’ a Teenager as Sinister as Iago
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/movies/for-a-few-bullets-review.html
Review: ‘For a Few Bullets,’ an Antic Race Through Plot Contrivance
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/movies/lights-out-review.html
Review: In ‘Lights Out’ an Invisible Friend Turns Malicious
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/movies/hooligan-sparrow-ye-haiyan-review.html
Review: In ‘Hooligan Sparrow,’ a Chinese Activist’s Hair-Raising Defiance of the State
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/movies/dont-worry-baby-review.html
Review: ‘Don’t Worry Baby’ and a Case of Uncertain Paternity
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/movies/ice-age-collision-course-review.html
Review: In ‘Ice Age: Collision Course,’ a Squirrel Reorders the Universe
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/movies/abfab-absolutely-fabulous-review.html
Review: ‘Absolutely Fabulous’ Brings Its Snickers and Bubbly to the Big Screen
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/21/movies/review-for-the-plasma-sees-the-forests-for-the-financials.html
Review: ‘For the Plasma’ Sees the Forests for the Financials
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/movies/review-star-trek-beyond.html
Review: ‘Star Trek Beyond’ Sticks to Its Brand. That’s Not Necessarily Bad.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/15/movies/equals-review-kristen-stewart-nicholas-hoult.html
Review: ‘Equals,’ a Futuristic Tale of Defying Deadly Conformity
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/15/movies/free-to-run-review.html
Review: A Sport Comes a Long Way in ‘Free to Run’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/15/movies/garnets-gold-review.html
Review: A Search for Meaning in ‘Garnet’s Gold’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/15/movies/how-he-fell-in-love-review.html
Review: In ‘How He Fell in Love,’ an Extramarital Bond Unfolds
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/15/movies/outlaws-and-angels-review.html
Review: ‘Outlaws and Angels,’ a Cross Between Western and Home-Invasion Horror
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/15/movies/lucha-mexico-review.html
Review: ‘Lucha Mexico’ Offers a Repetitive Look at Pro Wrestlers
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/15/movies/phantom-boy-review.html
Review: In ‘Phantom Boy,’ an Ailing Hero Takes On a Villain
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/15/movies/cafe-society-review-woody-allen.html
Review: ‘Café Society’ Isn’t Woody Allen’s Worst Movie
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/13/movies/dont-blink-robert-frank-review.html
Review: ‘Don’t Blink — Robert Frank,’ a Portrait of a Quintessential New York Artist
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/13/movies/the-infiltrator-review-bryan-cranston.html
Review: In ‘The Infiltrator,’ Bryan Cranston Tunnels Into a Menacing Drug Network
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/13/movies/tony-robbins-i-am-not-your-guru-review.html
Review: ‘Tony Robbins: I Am Not Your Guru’ Depicts a Self-Help Prophet
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/15/movies/ghostbusters-review-melissa-mccarthy-kristen-wiig.html
Our ‘Ghostbusters’ Review: Girls Rule. Women Are Funny. Get Over It.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/08/movies/captain-fantastic-review.html
Review: Viggo Mortensen Captivates in ‘Captain Fantastic’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/08/movies/zero-days-review.html
Review: ‘Zero Days’ Examines Cyberwarfare’s Potential Online Apocalypse
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/08/movies/our-little-sister-review.html
Review: ‘Our Little Sister,’ or What We Found at Dad’s Funeral
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/08/movies/men-go-to-battle-review.html
Review: Fraternal Dysfunction in the Old South in ‘Men Go to Battle’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/08/movies/fathers-and-daughters-review.html
Review: ‘Fathers and Daughters,’ a Sappy Tale Unredeemed by Star Power
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/08/movies/mike-and-dave-need-wedding-dates-review-zac-efron-adam-devine.html
Review: ‘Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates,’ Antics to Not Love nor Cherish
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/08/movies/norman-lear-just-another-version-of-you-review.html
Review: About Norman Lear, Who Gave Us Archie Bunker
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/08/movies/cell-review.html
Review: ‘Cell’ Offers Zombified Victims and an Unfocused Narrative
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/08/movies/cold-war-2-review.html
Review: ‘Cold War 2,’ a Brisk Exercise in Hong Kong Suspense
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/08/movies/the-debt-review.html
Review: ‘The Debt’ in This Barney Elliott Film Is a Commodity
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/08/movies/indian-point-review.html
Review: Is the Indian Point Nuclear Plant Safe? Nobody Knows
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/08/movies/the-secret-life-of-pets-review.html
Review: ‘The Secret Life of Pets’ Amuses, but Misses Opportunities
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/06/movies/under-the-sun-review-north-korea.html
Review: In ‘Under the Sun,’ Two Views of North Korea
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/01/movies/review-in-the-innocents-not-even-nuns-are-spared-war-horrors.html
Review: In ‘The Innocents,’ Not Even Nuns Are Spared War Horrors
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/01/movies/microbe-and-gasoline-review-michel-gondry.html
Review: A House Car? For ‘Microbe and Gasoline,’ It’s Freedom
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/01/movies/private-property-review.html
Review: Once Lost, ‘Private Property’ Is a Genuine Rediscovery
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/01/movies/review-a-professor-drawn-to-the-mob-in-our-kind-of-traitor.html
Review: A Professor Drawn to the Mob in ‘Our Kind of Traitor’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/01/movies/the-purge-election-year-review.html
Review: ‘The Purge: Election Year’ Offers a Campaign Platform of Blood Lust
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/01/movies/carnage-park-review.html
Review: In ‘Carnage Park,’ the Hills Have Eyes, and a Sniper, Too
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/01/movies/review-life-animated.html
Review: In ‘Life, Animated,’ a Bound Mind Finds Freedom
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/01/movies/marauders-review-bruce-willis.html
Review: Bruce Willis Is a Banker With Issues in ‘Marauders’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/01/movies/roseanne-for-president-review-roseanne-barr.html
Review: Revisiting an Unlikely Campaign in ‘Roseanne for President!’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/01/movies/the-legend-of-tarzan-review.html
Review: A ‘Tarzan’ With a Few Twists in the Hollywood Vine
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/01/movies/the-bfg-review-steven-spielberg-mark-rylance.html
Review: In ‘The BFG,’ Walking Gently and Wearing Huge Shoes
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/25/movies/independence-day-resurgence-review.html
Review: In ‘Independence Day: Resurgence,’ the Fault Is Not in the Fireworks
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/hunt-for-the-wilderpeople-review.html
Review: In ‘Hunt for the Wilderpeople,’ Lighting Out for the Bush
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/les-cowboys-review.html
Review: In ‘Les Cowboys,’ a Girl Vanishes, and Her Father Can’t Bear It
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/three-review-johnnie-to.html
Review: ‘Three’ Asks, Any Mozart Aficionados in the House?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/from-this-day-forward-review.html
Review: ‘From This Day Forward’ Attests to Love’s Adaptability
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/eat-that-question-review-frank-zappa.html
Review: ‘Eat That Question,’ on Frank Zappa, the Media and Cultural Upheavals
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/the-kind-words-review.html
Review: In ‘The Kind Words,’ Siblings and a Secret
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/t-rex-review.html
Review: ‘T-Rex’ Fights Like a Girl. And That’s Worth Gold.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/free-state-of-jones-review-matthew-mcconaughey.html
Review: Matthew McConaughey Rebels Against Rebels in ‘Free State of Jones’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/swiss-army-man-review-paul-dano-daniel-radcliffe.html
Review: ‘Swiss Army Man’ Is a Buddy Movie in Which One Pal Is Dead
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/the-duel-review-liam-hemsworth.html
Review: Ranger vs. Preacher? In ‘The Duel,’ It’s No Contest
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/right-now-wrong-then-review.html
Review: In ‘Right Now, Wrong Then,’ a Double Take and Its Choices
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/the-shallows-review-blake-lively.html
Review: ‘The Shallows’: Surfer Girl. Peckish Shark. Uh-Oh!
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/wiener-dog-review.html
Review: ‘Wiener-Dog,’ the Tail That Wags Through a Few Bitter Lives
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/the-neon-demon-review-elle-fanning.html
Review: In ‘The Neon Demon,’ Beauty Masks a Rotting Core
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/breaking-a-monster-review.html
Review: In ‘Breaking a Monster,’ a Plea to Play Heavy Metal
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/septembers-of-shiraz-review-adrien-brody.html
Review: ‘Septembers of Shiraz’ Revisits the 1979 Iranian Revolution
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/the-phenom-review.html
Review: In ‘The Phenom,’ Landing on the Couch for Losing the Strike Zone
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/movies/yarn-review.html
Review: ‘Yarn’: And You Thought It Was Just for Knitting Mittens
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/22/movies/nuts-review.html
Review: ‘Nuts!’ Reveals Doctor’s Secret to Success: Goat Testicle Transplants
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/18/movies/clown-review-jon-watts.html
Review: ‘Clown’ — At Least Bozo Never Ate the Kids
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/movies/tickled-review.html
Review: ‘Tickled’ Is Fun and Giggles Until It Isn’t Anymore
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/movies/review-a-conspiracy-of-faith-tracks-a-message-written-in-blood.html
Review: ‘A Conspiracy of Faith’ Tracks a Message Written in Blood
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/movies/my-love-dont-cross-that-river-review.html
Review: A Couple’s Adoration After 76 Years of Marriage in ‘My Love, Don’t Cross That River’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/movies/parched-review.html
Review: In ‘Parched,’ Women in an Indian Village Chafe Against Oppression
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/movies/seoul-searching-review.html
Review: In ‘Seoul Searching,’ Teenagers Explore Their Korean Roots to an ’80s Soundtrack
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/movies/bang-gang-a-modern-love-story-review.html
Review: ‘Bang Gang,’ Seaside Orgies to a Soundtrack of Yawns
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/movies/cosmos-review.html
Review: ‘Cosmos’ Is a Madcap Plunge Into Retro Avant-Gardism
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/movies/raiders-review.html
Review: In ‘Raiders!,’ Two Boys’ First, Great Movie Crush
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/movies/argentina-review.html
Review: In ‘Argentina,’ a Call to Save Traditions
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/movies/central-intelligence-review-kevin-hart-dwayne-johnson.html
Review: In ‘Central Intelligence,’ a Weaponized Kevin Hart
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/movies/department-q-the-keeper-of-lost-causes-review.html
Review: ‘The Keeper of Lost Causes,’ Pitch-Black Nordic Noir
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/movies/land-and-shade-review.html
Review: ‘Land and Shade,’ Set Among Colombia’s Sugar Farmers
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/movies/2016-sundance-film-festival-short-film-tour-review.html
Review: Sundance Film Festival Short Films, a Group of Hits and Misses
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/movies/finding-dory-review-pixar.html
Review: In ‘Finding Dory,’ a Forgetful Fish and a Warm Celebration of Differences
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/review-call-her-applebroog-beth-bs-portrait-of-a-still-vital-artist.html
Review: ‘Call Her Applebroog,’ Beth B’s Portrait of a Still-Vital Artist
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/review-in-len-and-company-a-prickly-pop-producer-finds-his-solitude-interrupted.html
Review: In ‘Len and Company,’ a Prickly Pop Producer Finds His Solitude Interrupted
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/review-in-king-jack-a-15-year-old-trapped-in-a-cycle-of-bullying.html
Review: In ‘King Jack,’ a 15-Year-Old Trapped in a Cycle of Bullying
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/the-conjuring-2-review.html
Review: In ‘The Conjuring 2,’ Ghostly Violence Has a British Accent
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/review-de-palma-documentary.html
Review: Brian De Palma Says He Is Hitchcock’s True Heir
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/review-genius-puts-max-perkins-and-thomas-wolfe-in-a-literary-bromance.html
Review: ‘Genius’ Puts Max Perkins and Thomas Wolfe in a Literary Bromance
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/review-careful-what-you-wish-for-starring-nick-jonas-as-a-naive-teenage-lover.html
Review: ‘Careful What You Wish For,’ Starring Nick Jonas as a Naïve Teenage Lover
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/review-germans-jews-a-new-generation-continues-a-difficult-conversation.html
Review: ‘Germans &amp; Jews,’ a New Generation Continues a Difficult Conversation
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/review-puerto-ricans-in-paris-combines-comedy-and-crime.html
Review: ‘Puerto Ricans in Paris’ Combines Comedy and Crime
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/review-last-cab-to-darwin.html
Review: Taking the Long Way Home in ‘Last Cab to Darwin’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/now-you-see-me-2-review.html
Review: ‘Now You See Me 2’ Illusionists Are Out to Save the World
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/be-somebody-review.html
Review: In ‘Be Somebody,’ a Teenage Idol Goes AWOL With an Ordinary Girl
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/review-the-music-of-strangers-on-yo-yo-ma-and-the-silk-road-ensemble.html
Review: ‘The Music of Strangers,’ on Yo-Yo Ma and the Silk Road Ensemble
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/therapy-for-a-vampire-review.html
Review: In ‘Therapy for a Vampire,’ the Count Really Wants to Change
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/tikkun-review.html
Review: In ‘Tikkun,’ a Hasidic Student’s Visions Merge With Metaphor
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/review-diary-of-a-chambermaid-stars-lea-seydoux-as-an-abused-maid.html
Review: ‘Diary of a Chambermaid’ Stars Léa Seydoux as an Abused Maid
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/10/movies/warcraft-review.html
Review: In ‘Warcraft,’ Orcs of a Different Domain, Fighting With Heart
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/09/movies/review-til-madness-do-us-part-finds-hell-and-humanity.html
Review: ‘’Til Madness Do Us Part’ Finds Hell and Humanity
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/08/movies/from-afar-review.html
Review: ‘From Afar,’ a Tale of Desire and Repression in Venezuela
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/03/movies/review-in-the-fits-a-graceful-tale-of-a-girl-who-follows-her-own-beat.html
Review: In ‘The Fits,’ a Graceful Tale of a Girl Who Follows Her Own Beat
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/03/movies/review-art-bastard-depicts-robert-cenedella-a-rebel-artist.html
Review: ‘Art Bastard’ Depicts Robert Cenedella, a Rebel Artist
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/03/movies/review-time-to-choose-extols-renewable-energy-to-combat-global-warming.html
Review: ‘Time to Choose’ Extols Renewable Energy to Combat Global Warming
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/03/movies/xu-haofeng-the-final-master-review.html
Review: ‘The Final Master,’ a Martial Arts Story of Transitions
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/03/movies/thom-andersen-the-thoughts-that-once-we-had-review.html
Review: ‘The Thoughts That Once We Had,’ a Cinematic Flight
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/03/movies/the-wailing-na-hong-jin-review.html
Review: ‘The Wailing’ Will Scare You, and Break Your Heart
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/03/movies/the-witness-review-kitty-genovese.html
Review: ‘The Witness,’ a Brother’s Quest to Put Kitty Genovese Case to Rest
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/03/movies/me-before-you-review.html
Review: In ‘Me Before You,’ a Broken Man Meets a Free Spirit
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/03/movies/review-in-andron-deadly-games-with-alec-baldwin-and-danny-glover.html
Review: In ‘Andron,’ Deadly Games With Alec Baldwin and Danny Glover
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/03/movies/approaching-the-unknown-review-mark-strong.html
Review: In ‘Approaching the Unknown,’ Mark Strong Trades Earth for Mars
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/03/movies/review-the-god-cells-advocates-fetal-tissue-therapy-without-debate.html
Review: ‘The God Cells’ Advocates Fetal Tissue Therapy Without Debate
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/03/movies/-gurukulam-review.html
Review: ‘Gurukulam’ Offers Sights and Sounds of a Spiritual Awakening
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/03/movies/-the-president-review.html
Review: ‘The President,’ a Sweeping Tale Inspired by the Arab Spring
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/03/movies/teenage-mutant-ninja-turtles-review.html
Review: With the Latest ‘Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles,’ an Existential Crisis
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/03/movies/popstar-review-andy-samberg.html
Review: Andy Samberg Spoofs Pop Stars Without Spite. And That’s 4 Real.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/27/movies/to-life-review.html
Review: When Auschwitz Inmates Reunite in ‘To Life,’ the Shadow of War Remains
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/27/movies/princess-review.html
Review: In ‘Princess,’ an Israeli Family in Need of Boundaries
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/27/movies/jia-zhangke-a-guy-from-fenyang-review.html
Review: ‘Jia Zhangke, a Guy From Fenyang,’ a Portrait of a Visionary Filmmaker
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/27/movies/presenting-princess-shaw-review.html
Review: ‘Presenting Princess Shaw,’ a YouTube Star in the Making
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/27/movies/the-ones-below-review.html
Review: ‘The Ones Below,’ Looming Parenthood and Unsettling Suspense
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/27/movies/holy-hell-review.html
Review: ‘Holy Hell,’ Inside a Cult, via Its Own Videographer
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/27/movies/as-i-am-the-life-and-time-of-dj-am-review.html
Review: ‘As I AM’ Explores DJ AM’s Rise and Decline
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/27/movies/chevalier-review.html
Review: In ‘Chevalier,’ the Manly Games Played on the Aegean
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/27/movies/the-idol-review.html
Review: ‘The Idol,’ the Underdog Story of an ‘Arab Idol’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/27/movies/x-men-apocalypse-review.html
Review: ‘X-Men: Apocalypse,’ a Sequel 5,000 Years in the Making
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/27/movies/review-alice-through-the-looking-glass-and-a-trippy-time-machine.html
Review: ‘Alice Through the Looking Glass’ and a Trippy Time Machine
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/25/movies/review-in-unlocking-the-cage-a-struggle-to-raise-the-legal-status-of-chimpanzees.html
Review: In ‘Unlocking the Cage,’ a Struggle to Raise the Legal Status of Chimpanzees
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/movies/weiner-review-anthony-weiner-documentary.html
Review: Anthony D. Weiner’s Self-Destruction Is a Documentary’s Focus
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/movies/maggies-plan-review-greta-gerwig.html
Review: In ‘Maggie’s Plan,’ Greta Gerwig Aspires to Motherhood on Her Terms
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/movies/the-other-side-review.html
Review: ‘The Other Side,’ a Harrowing Visit With People on the Margins
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/movies/oj-made-in-america-review.html
Review: ‘O.J.: Made in America,’ an Unflinching Take on His Rise and Fall
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/movies/kaili-blues-review.html
Review: ‘Kaili Blues,’ a Dreamy Trek With Otherworldly Beauty
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/movies/-manhattan-night-review-adrien-brody.html
Review: In ‘Manhattan Night,’ Adrien Brody Navigates an Urban Underbelly
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/movies/-almost-holy-review.html
Review: ‘Almost Holy’ Demonstrates a Pastor’s Tough Love for Street Kids in Ukraine
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/movies/-the-angry-birds-movie-review.html
Review: ‘The Angry Birds Movie,’ a Superficially Amiable Ball of Fluff
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/movies/ma-ma-review-penlope-cruz.html
Review: In ‘Ma Ma,’ Penélope Cruz as a Cancer Patient Finding Love
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/movies/a-moment-of-silence-review.html
Review: ‘A Moment of Silence’ Follows the Evo Morales Era in Bolivia
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/movies/welcome-to-happiness-review.html
Review: ‘Welcome to Happiness,’ With Kyle Gallner Seeking Answers
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/movies/neighbors-2-sorority-rising-review-seth-rogen-zac-efron-rose-byrne.html
Review: ‘Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising’ Has an Animal House for the Fairer Sex
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/movies/pervert-park-review.html
Review: ‘Pervert Park’ Presents Sex Offenders in Their Own Words
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/movies/phantom-detective-review.html
Review: ‘Phantom Detective,’ a Dawdling South Korean Noir
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/movies/the-nice-guys-review-ryan-gosling-russell-crowe.html
Review: ‘The Nice Guys’ Pairs Gosling and Crowe as Slapstick Detectives
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/13/movies/last-days-in-the-desert-review-ewan-mcgregor-jesus.html
Review: In ‘Last Days in the Desert,’ Ewan McGregor Is a Conflicted Jesus
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/13/movies/sunset-song-review.html
Review: ‘Sunset Song’ Shows a Woman’s True Grit
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/13/movies/love-and-friendship-review.html
Review: In ‘Love &amp; Friendship,’ Austen Meets Whit Stillman
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/13/movies/cash-only-review.html
Review: ‘Cash Only’: Repaying a Crook, When Things Turn Gritty
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/13/movies/review-paths-of-the-soul-a-road-trip-unlike-any-other.html
Review: ‘Paths of the Soul,’ a Road Trip Unlike Any Other
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/13/movies/the-trust-review-nicolas-cage-elijah-wood.html
Review: Cops in ‘The Trust’ Spice Up Deadly Dull Jobs
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/13/movies/the-lobster-review-colin-farrell-rachel-weisz.html
Review: In ‘The Lobster,’ Colin Farrell Plays a Divorced Man in a Loner-Hating Society
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/13/movies/high-rise-review.html
Review: In ‘High-Rise,’ Tom Hiddleston and Class War Hit a Low Point
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/13/movies/i-am-wrath-review-john-travolta.html
Review: Vengeance, Thy Name Is Travolta, in ‘I Am Wrath’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/13/movies/review-kill-zone-2-packs-a-wallop-with-orchestrated-mayhem.html
Review: ‘Kill Zone 2’ Packs a Wallop With Orchestrated Mayhem
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/13/movies/pele-birth-of-a-legend-review.html
Review: ‘Pelé: Birth of a Legend’ Charts a Superstar’s Rise
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/13/movies/what-we-become-review.html
Review: ‘What We Become’ Finds Zombies in Broad Daylight
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/13/movies/review-in-money-monster-review-george-clooney-julia-roberts-jodie-foster.html
Review: In ‘Money Monster,’ a Broke Investor Holds a Grudge and a Gun
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/11/movies/review-health-care-bureaucracy-runs-amok-in-a-monster-with-a-thousand-heads.html
Review: Health Care Bureaucracy Runs Amok in ‘A Monster With a Thousand Heads’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/06/movies/review-dheepan-about-sri-lankan-refugees-looks-like-a-prophecy.html
Review: ‘Dheepan,’ About Sri Lankan Refugees, Looks Like a Prophecy
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/06/movies/elsetree-1976-review-star-wars-documentary.html
Review: ‘Elstree 1976,’ in a Galaxy Not Far, Far Away
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/06/movies/belladonna-of-sadness-review-japanese-animation.html
Review: ‘Belladonna of Sadness,’ a Bewitching Masterpiece
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/06/movies/dark-horse-review.html
Review: In ‘Dark Horse,’ a Real-Life Steeplechase Champion Inspires a Town
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/06/movies/mothers-and-daughters-review.html
Review: ‘Mothers and Daughters,’ in Which Souls Are Laid Bare
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/06/movies/phantom-of-the-theater-review.html
Review: In ‘Phantom of the Theater,’ Spirits Seek Revenge
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/06/movies/beautiful-something-review.html
Review: ‘Beautiful Something’: Craving Love in Philadelphia
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/06/movies/those-people-review.html
Review: ‘Those People’: Heartbreak Among the Upper Crust
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/06/movies/bridgend-review.html
Review: ‘Bridgend,’ on a Mysterious Cluster of Suicides in Wales
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/06/movies/rabin-in-his-own-words-review.html
Review: ‘Rabin in His Own Words’ Fleshes Out an Israeli Politician, With Limits
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/06/movies/being-charlie-review-rob-reiner.html
Review: ‘Being Charlie,’ a Rehab Story Directed by Rob Reiner
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/06/movies/the-offering-review.html
Review: ‘The Offering’: No, Thank You
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/06/movies/review-mad-tiger.html
Review: ‘Mad Tiger,’ or the Story of Peelander-Z’s Near Breakup
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/06/movies/captain-america-civil-war-review-chris-evans.html
Review: In ‘Captain America: Civil War,’ Super-Bro Against Super-Bro
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/04/movies/a-bigger-splash-review-tilda-swinton.html
Review: ‘A Bigger Splash,’ With a Speechless Tilda Swinton, Is Ready for Its Close-Up
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/04/movies/sin-alas-review.html
Review: ‘Sin Alas’ Opens Up a Time Capsule in a Changing Havana
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/02/movies/baaghi-review.html
Review: ‘Baaghi,’ a Bollywood Rebel Tale in Search of a Cause
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/older-than-ireland-review.html
Review: In ‘Older Than Ireland,’ Centenarians Recall Early and Latter Days
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/viva-review.html
Review: In ‘Viva,’ a Star Is Waiting to Be Born
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/the-family-fang-review-jason-bateman-nicole-kidman.html
Review: Kidman and Bateman Face Childhood Scars in ‘The Family Fang’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/lattesa-the-wait-review.html
Review: ‘L’Attesa’ (‘The Wait’) Turns Life Into a Ghost Story
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/the-man-who-knew-infinity-review.html
Review: ‘The Man Who Knew Infinity’ Gives a Mathematical Genius His Due
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/a-beautiful-planet-review.html
Review: ‘A Beautiful Planet’ Shows a Dazzling Earth From Space
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/the-american-side-review.html
Review: ‘The American Side,’ a Hard-Boiled Noir Set in Buffalo
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/bourek-review.html
Review: ‘Bourek,’ About a Group of Drifting Souls
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/dough-review.html
Review: ‘Dough,’ a Sweet but Pat Tale of Bridging Religious and Racial Differences
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/mothers-day-review.html
Review: ‘Mother’s Day’ Is a Goopy, Glossy Sentimental Mess
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/papa-hemingway-in-cuba-review.html
Review: ‘Papa: Hemingway in Cuba,’ a Mild Voyage With the Old Man and ‘the Kid’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/pali-road-review.html
Review: ‘Pali Road’ Blends Romance and Suspense
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/ratchet-clank-review.html
Review: ‘Ratchet &amp; Clank,’ a Stale Tale Based on a PlayStation Game
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/sacrifice-review.html
Review: ‘Sacrifice’ Yields Corpses and Clichés
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/transfixed-review.html
Review: ‘Transfixed,’ a Real-Life Love Story, With Complications
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/viktoria-review.html
Review: ‘Viktoria,’ a Family’s Atmospheric Voyage Through Change in Bulgaria
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/fassbinder-to-love-without-demands-review.html
Review: Rainer Werner Fassbinder’s Intense World and His Films
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/29/movies/keanu-review-key-and-peele.html
Review: In ‘Keanu,’ Key &amp; Peele Break Baddish for a Beloved Kitty
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/27/movies/review-eva-hesse-documentary.html
Review: ‘Eva Hesse’ Offers a Moving Portrait of an Artist’s Brief Life
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/22/movies/reviewtale-of-tales-adds-grown-up-twists-to-the-fairy-tale.html
Review: ‘Tale of Tales’ Adds Grown-Up Twists to the Fairy Tale
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/22/movies/review-keepers-of-the-game-review.html
Review: ‘Keepers of the Game’ Sings of Young Women and Lacrosse
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/22/movies/review-a-hologram-for-the-king-is-elevated-by-tom-hankss-portrayal-of-an-american-everyman.html
Review: ‘A Hologram for the King’ Is Elevated by Tom Hanks’s Portrayal of an American Everyman
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/22/movies/the-meddler-review-susan-sarandon-rose-byrne.html
Review: In ‘The Meddler,’ a Yakkety Mom Comes of (a Certain) Age
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/22/movies/hockney-review.html
Review: Basking in an Artist’s Sun in ‘Hockney’ Documentary
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/22/movies/compadres-review.html
Review: ‘Compadres,’ a Cross-Border Buddy Film
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/22/movies/review-in-love-thy-nature-it-takes-a-planet.html
Review: In ‘Love Thy Nature,’ It Takes a Planet
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/22/movies/men-and-chicken-review.html
Review: ‘Men &amp; Chicken,’ a Gory and Quirky Danish Comedy
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/22/movies/sworn-virgin-review.html
Review: ‘Sworn Virgin’ Concerns a Fading Custom in Albania
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/22/movies/we-the-people-review.html
Review: A Grocery Chain, a Family Feud and a Win for Ordinary People
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/22/movies/nina-review-zoe-saldana-nina-simone.html
Review: Casting ‘Nina’ Was Controversial, but Is It a Good Movie?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/22/movies/elvis-and-nixon-review.html
Review: In ‘Elvis &amp; Nixon,’ Michael Shannon Holds Court as the King
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/22/movies/review-the-huntsman-a-study-in-hollywoods-overstuffed-playbook.html
Review: ‘The Huntsman,’ a Study in Hollywood’s Overstuffed Playbook
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/20/movies/review-how-to-let-go-of-the-world-ups-the-ante-on-climate-change.html
Review: ‘How to Let Go of the World’ Ups the Ante on Climate Change
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/20/movies/streits-matzo-and-the-american-dream-review.html
Review: Streit’s Matzo, a New York Tale of a Lost Love
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/13-cameras-review.html
Review: ‘13 Cameras,’ Keeping a Watchful Eye and Then Some
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/our-last-tango-review.html
Review: ‘Our Last Tango’ Celebrates Two Virtuosos of the Form
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/barbershop-the-next-cut-review.html
Review: ‘Barbershop: The Next Cut’: Let the Debates Resume
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/review-in-skya-woman-takes-refuge-among-strangers.html
Review: In ‘Sky,’ a Woman Takes Refuge Among Strangers
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/review-sing-street-is-an-80s-love-affair-hair-gel-required.html
Review: ‘Sing Street’ Is an ’80s Love Affair, Hair Gel Required
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/review-in-new-york-new-york-job-opportunities-complicate-a-relationship.html
Review: In ‘New York, New York,’ Job Opportunities Complicate a Relationship
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/above-and-below-review.html
Review: ‘Above and Below’ a Study of People on the Margins
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/an-eye-for-beauty-review.html
Review: In ‘An Eye for Beauty,’ Gorgeous People Suffer, Too
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/the-adderall-diaries-review.html
Review: ‘The Adderall Diaries,’ a Sprawl of Unreliable Memories
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/criminal-review.html
Review: In ‘Criminal,’ You Must Remember This
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/review-colonia-looks-at-a-dark-period-in-south-american-history.html
Review: ‘Colonia’ Looks at a Dark Period in South American History
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/the-measure-of-a-man-review.html
Review: ‘The Measure of a Man,’ a Tale of a Man’s Lost Labor
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/review-in-wedding-doll-search-and-struggle-to-find-independence-and-romance.html
Review: In ‘Wedding Doll,’ Search, and Struggle, to Find Independence and Romance
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/echo-park-review.html
Review: ‘Echo Park,’ the Story of an Early Romance
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/the-jungle-book-review.html
Review: Recycled ‘Jungle Book’ Puts a Real Boy in a Forest of Pixels
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/green-room-review.html
Review: In ‘Green Room,’ a Scruffy Comic Flavor Turns Tense
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/my-big-night-review.html
Review: ‘My Big Night,’ a Dark Farce Juggling Behind-the-Scenes Dramas
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/rio-i-love-you-review.html
Review: ‘Rio, I Love You,’ Stories That Make Up a Mash Note to a City
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/15/movies/review-the-first-monday-in-may-goes-behind-the-scenes-at-the-met.html
Review: ‘The First Monday in May’ Goes Behind the Scenes at the Met
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/13/movies/review-class-divide-shows-the-extremes-hypergentrification-creates-ina-neighborhood.html
Review: ‘Class Divide’ Shows the Extremes Hypergentrification Creates in a Neighborhood
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/08/movies/neon-bull-review.html
Review: ‘Neon Bull,’ With Creatures Great and Small
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/08/movies/review-mr-right-with-anna-kendrick-dips-into-a-tricky-genre.html
Review: ‘Mr. Right,’ With Anna Kendrick, Dips Into a Tricky Genre
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/08/movies/11-minutes-review.html
Review: ‘11 Minutes,’ a Whirl of Intersecting Tales Heading Toward Combustion
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/08/movies/louder-than-bombs-review.html
Review: In ‘Louder Than Bombs,’ a Father and Sons Grieving
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/08/movies/review-in-the-invitation-welcome-to-a-chiller-dinner.html
Review: In ‘The Invitation,’ Welcome to a Chiller Dinner
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/08/movies/demolition-review-jake-gyllenhaal.html
Review: In ‘Demolition,’ It’s Hammer Time for Jake Gyllenhaal
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/08/movies/the-boss-review-melissa-mccarthy.html
Review: Melissa McCarthy Takes Charge in ‘The Boss’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/08/movies/review-look-at-us-now-mother-a-documentary-of-a-family-and-its-discontents.html
Review: ‘Look at Us Now, Mother!,’ a Documentary of a Family and Its Discontents
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/08/movies/high-strung-review.html
Review: ‘High Strung’ Finds a Dancer and Musician Colliding
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/08/movies/review-in-hardcore-henry-a-semi-robotic-soldier-has-a-personal-mission.html
Review: In ‘Hardcore Henry,’ a Semi-Robotic Soldier Has a Personal Mission
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/08/movies/review-in-one-more-time-a-dysfunctional-family-sings.html
Review: In ‘One More Time,’ a Dysfunctional Family Sings
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/08/movies/review-havana-motor-club-explores-car-racing-in-cuba.html
Review: ‘Havana Motor Club’ Explores Car Racing in Cuba
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/06/movies/vita-activa-the-spirit-of-hannah-arendt-review.html
Review: In ‘Vita Activa: The Spirit of Hannah Arendt,’ a Thinker More Relevant Than Ever
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/01/movies/review-standing-tall-a-boys-encounter-with-the-law.html
Review: ‘Standing Tall,’ a Boy’s Encounter With the Law
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/01/movies/review-in-too-late-imitation-is-sincere-flattery.html
Review: In ‘Too Late,’ Imitation Is Sincere Flattery
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/01/movies/the-dark-horse-review.html
Review: ‘The Dark Horse’ Dramatizes the Tale of a Chess Coach
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/01/movies/miles-ahead-review-miles-davis.html
Review: ‘Miles Ahead,’ an Impressionistic Take on Miles Davis
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/01/movies/afternoon-review-tsai-ming-liang.html
Review: In ‘Afternoon,’ Two Men Open Up
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/01/movies/kill-your-friends-review.html
Review: In ‘Kill Your Friends,’ Corporate Climbing Can Prove Deadly
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/01/movies/review-catching-the-sun-profiles-solar-energy-entrepreneurs-and-activists.html
Review: ‘Catching the Sun’ Profiles Solar Energy Entrepreneurs and Activists
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/01/movies/review-no-home-movie-of-love-and-melancholy.html
Review: ‘No Home Movie,’ of Love and Melancholy
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/01/movies/notfilm-review.html
Review: ‘Notfilm’ Tells How Beckett and Keaton Collaborated
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/01/movies/francofonia-review.html
Review: ‘Francofonia,’ About World War II Foes Turned Allies, for the Sake of Art
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/01/movies/review-the-flight-fantastic-takes-to-the-air-with-the-flying-gaonas.html
Review: ‘The Flight Fantastic’ Takes to the Air With the Flying Gaonas
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/01/movies/the-girl-in-the-photographs-review.html
Review: In ‘The Girl in the Photographs,’ Ambitious Goals Slashed
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/01/movies/marinoni-review.html
Review: In ‘Marinoni,’ a Racing Champion Turned Bicycle Craftsman
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/01/movies/darling-review.html
Review: ‘Darling,’ a Horror Outing
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/01/movies/h-review.html
Review: In ‘H.,’ a Fireball Sends Things Spinning Out of Control
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/30/movies/everybody-wants-some-review.html
Review: In ‘Everybody Wants Some!!,’ Casual Sex and Casual Philosophizing
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/30/movies/review-sex-and-broadcasting-review-wmfu.html
Review: ‘Sex and Broadcasting,’ With the Emphasis on the Latter
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/30/movies/review-i-dont-belong-anywhere-review-chantal-akerman.html
Review: ‘I Don’t Belong Anywhere’ Explores the Life and Work of Chantal Akerman
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/25/movies/april-and-the-extraordinary-world-review.html
Review: ‘April and the Extraordinary World,’ Animated Sci-Fi From France
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/25/movies/fastball-review.html
Review: ‘Fastball,’ on the Mechanics and Poetry of a Pitch
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/25/movies/born-to-be-blue-review-ethan-hawke-chet-baker.html
Review: ‘Born to Be Blue,’ Portrait of a Trumpeter as a Heroin Addict
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/25/movies/i-saw-the-light-review-hank-williams.html
Review: ‘I Saw the Light,’ a Hank Williams Biopic
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/25/movies/valley-of-love-review.html
Review: In ‘Valley of Love,’ Isabelle Huppert and Gérard Depardieu as Mourning Parents
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/25/movies/baskin-review.html
Review: ‘Baskin,’ From Turkey, Blends Style and Gore
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/25/movies/review-theyre-watching-and-reality-tv-is-capturing-every-eerie-second.html
Review: ‘They’re Watching,’ and Reality TV Is Capturing Every Eerie Second
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/25/movies/jane-wants-a-boyfriend-review.html
Review: ‘Jane Wants a Boyfriend’ Looks at Autism Through a Sister’s Eyes
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/25/movies/get-a-job-review.html
Review: ‘Get a Job’ Portrays Work as an Object of Ambivalent Desire
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/25/movies/my-big-fat-greek-wedding-2-review.html
Review: ‘My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2’ Is Something Tired, Something New
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/25/movies/review-batman-v-superman-dawn-of-justice-when-super-friends-fight.html
Review: ‘Batman v Superman’ ... v Fun?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/21/movies/review-kapoor-sons-centers-on-an-indian-familys-flaws.html
Review: ‘Kapoor &amp; Sons’ Centers on an Indian Family’s Flaws
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/review-in-the-confirmation-a-troubled-father-and-tender-son-bond.html
Review: In ‘The Confirmation,’ a Troubled Father and Tender Son Bond
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/review-in-sweet-bean-a-delicacy-unites-a-vendor-and-an-old-woman.html
Review: In ‘Sweet Bean,’ a Delicacy Unites a Vendor and an Old Woman
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/review-everything-is-copy-a-sons-tribute-to-nora-ephron.html
Review: ‘Everything Is Copy,’ a Son’s Tribute to Nora Ephron
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/review-krisha-a-family-drama-set-around-thanksgiving.html
Review: ‘Krisha,’ a Family Drama Set Around Thanksgiving
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/review-in-my-golden-days-aching-for-a-love-left-behind.html
Review: In ‘My Golden Days,’ Aching for a Love Left Behind
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/take-me-to-the-river-review.html
Review: ‘Take Me to the River’ Immerses a Teenager in Scandal at a Family Reunion
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/the-brainwashing-of-my-dad-review.html
Review: ‘The Brainwashing of My Dad’ Examines the Influence of Right-Wing News Media
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/the-preppie-connection-review.html
Review: In ‘The Preppie Connection,’ Drug Smuggling at an Elite School
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/review-in-ktown-cowboys-men-on-the-prowl-in-koreatown.html
Review: In ‘Ktown Cowboys,’ Men on the Prowl in Koreatown
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/review-in-the-birth-of-sake-a-brew-made-with-pride-and-lots-of-patience.html
Review: In ‘The Birth of Sake,’ a Brew Made With Pride and Lots of Patience
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/the-bronze-review.html
Review: In ‘The Bronze,’ a Former Gymnast Has Losing Ways
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/a-space-program-review.html
Review: ‘A Space Program’ Adds Whimsy to a Mission to Mars
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/the-program-review-lance-armstrong-ben-foster.html
Review: ‘The Program,’ a Docudrama on the Fall of Lance Armstrong
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/thank-you-for-playing-review.html
Review: ‘Thank You for Playing’ Is About Making ‘That Dragon, Cancer’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/the-clan-review.html
Review: ‘The Clan’ Presents a Sadist in a Benign Patriarch’s Clothing
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/review-in-midnight-special-on-the-run-with-a-highly-unusual-child.html
Review: In ‘Midnight Special,’ on the Run With a Highly Unusual Child
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/movies/review-allegiant-diverges.html
Review: ‘Allegiant’ Diverges as the End Nears
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/16/movies/review-fireworks-wednesday-a-domestic-drama-from-iran.html
Review: ‘Fireworks Wednesday,’ a Domestic Drama From Iran
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/16/movies/review-miracles-from-heaven-starring-jennifer-garner-as-the-mother-of-a-sick-child.html
Review: ‘Miracles From Heaven,’ Starring Jennifer Garner as the Mother of a Sick Child
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/14/movies/review-the-young-messiah-depicts-jesus-as-a-boy-discovering-his-powers.html
Review: ‘The Young Messiah’ Depicts Jesus as a Boy Discovering His Powers
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/12/movies/review-in-the-perfect-match-weddings-babies-and-one-bachelor-holdout.html
Review: In ‘The Perfect Match,’ Weddings, Babies and One Bachelor Holdout
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/11/movies/marguerite-review.html
Review: ‘Marguerite,’ a Screeching Diva Clinging to Her Operatic Dream
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/11/movies/boom-bust-boom-review.html
Review: ‘Boom Bust Boom,’ a Pythonesque Look at Financial Crashes
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/11/movies/10-cloverfield-lane-review.html
Review: ‘10 Cloverfield Lane’ Houses a Survivalist, His Captive and Jolts
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/11/movies/review-eye-in-the-sky-drone-precision-vs-human-failings.html
Review: ‘Eye in the Sky,’ Drone Precision vs. Human Failings
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/11/movies/city-of-gold-review.html
Review: Tastes of Los Angeles in ‘City of Gold’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/11/movies/me-him-her-review.html
Review: In ‘Me Him Her,’ Late-20-Somethings Emerge From Life’s Confusion
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/11/movies/creative-control-review.html
Review: ‘Creative Control,’ a Satire of Gadget-Driven Reality
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/11/movies/julie-delpy-lolo-review.html
Review: In Julie Delpy’s ‘Lolo,’ a Teenager Tries to Sabotage His Mother’s Romance
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/11/movies/about-scout-review.html
Review: In ‘About Scout,’ a Young Woman Searches for Her Sister
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/11/movies/sacha-baron-cohen-the-brothers-grimsby-review.html
Review: ‘The Brothers Grimsby’: From Sacha, With Love
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/11/movies/hyena-road-review.html
Review: ‘Hyena Road’ Follows a Sniper Team in Afghanistan
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/11/movies/rise-of-the-legend-review.html
Review: ‘Rise of the Legend,’ a Kung Fu Period Film
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/11/movies/christopher-plummer-remember-review.html
Review: Christopher Plummer Searches for a Nazi in ‘Remember’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/11/movies/sally-field-hello-my-name-is-doris-review.html
Review: ‘Hello, My Name Is Doris,’ About an Older Woman’s Love for a Much Younger Man
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/09/movies/review-here-come-the-videofreex-revolution-via-the-portapak.html
Review: ‘Here Come the Videofreex,’ Revolution via the Portapak
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/04/movies/cemetery-of-splendour-review.html
Review: In ‘Cemetery of Splendour,’ a Nod to Dream Logic
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/04/movies/white-lies-review.html
Review: ‘White Lies,’ the Stately Weight of the Past
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/04/movies/trapped-review-abortion-documentary.html
Review: ‘Trapped,’ a Documentary, Looks at Abortion Clinics in the South
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/04/movies/zootopia-review.html
Review: In ‘Zootopia,’ an Intrepid Bunny Chases Her Dreams
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/04/movies/review-they-will-have-to-kill-us-first-documents-malian-music-in-exile.html
Review: ‘They Will Have to Kill Us First’ Documents Malian Music in Exile
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/04/movies/review-in-avas-possessions-fallout-from-a-lost-month-of-demonic-activity.html
Review: In ‘Ava’s Possessions,’ Fallout From a Lost Month of Demonic Activity
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/04/movies/review-in-road-games-a-french-hitch-turns-south.html
Review: In ‘Road Games,’ a French Hitch Turns South
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/04/movies/the-boy-and-the-beast-review.html
Review: In ‘The Boy and the Beast,’ Learning From Anime Animals
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/04/movies/london-has-fallen-review.html
Review: In ‘London Has Fallen,’ the President Must Be Saved From Terrorists
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/04/movies/colliding-dreams-review.html
Review: ‘Colliding Dreams’ Explores Varying Viewpoints on Zionism
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/04/movies/the-wave-review.html
Review: ‘The Wave’ Is a Disaster Movie Making a Big Splash
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/04/movies/christian-bale-knight-of-cups-review.html
Review: In ‘Knight of Cups,’ a Writer’s Flesh Is Willing but His Spirit Is Weak
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/04/movies/whiskey-tango-foxtrot-review.html
Review: In ‘Whiskey Tango Foxtrot,’ Tina Fey as a Wisecracking War Reporter
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/04/movies/review-in-emelie-dont-tell-mom-the-babysitters-deadly.html
Review: In ‘Emelie,’ Don’t Tell Mom the Babysitter’s Deadly
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/02/movies/songs-my-brothers-taught-me-review.html
Review: In ‘Songs My Brothers Taught Me,’ Reservation Dreams and Their Limits
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/26/movies/the-last-man-on-the-moon-review.html
Review: ‘The Last Man on the Moon’ Is the Story of Just That
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/26/movies/review-virus-of-fear-a-kiss-touches-off-child-abuse-accusations.html
Review: ‘Virus of Fear,’ a Kiss Touches Off Child Abuse Accusations
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/26/movies/a-strange-course-of-events-review.html
Review: ‘A Strange Course of Events’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/26/movies/paul-verhoevens-tricked-review.html
Review: ‘Paul Verhoeven’s Tricked,’ a Documentary and a Farce
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/26/movies/review-marguerite-julien-a-tale-of-siblings-in-love.html
Review: ‘Marguerite &amp; Julien,’ a Tale of Siblings in Love
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/26/movies/like-for-likes-review.html
Review: ‘Like for Likes,’ a Rom-Com Set in Seoul
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/26/movies/review-king-georges-chronicles-a-famed-restaurants-downfall.html
Review: ‘King Georges’ Chronicles a Famed Restaurant’s Downfall
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/26/movies/eddie-the-eagle-review.html
Review: ‘Eddie the Eagle’ Revels in Its Underdog Status
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/26/movies/backtrack-review.html
Review: In ‘Backtrack,’ Adrien Brody Treats Dead People
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/26/movies/triple-9-review.html
Review: In ‘Triple 9,’ an Appealing Cast Can’t Rise Above the Violence
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/26/movies/review-jack-of-the-red-hearts-trouble-babysits-trouble.html
Review: ‘Jack of the Red Hearts’: Trouble Babysits Trouble
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/26/movies/gods-of-egypt-review.html
Review: In ‘Gods of Egypt,’ That Doughnut Beast Is Stepping on My Sandal
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/20/movies/review-the-mermaid-features-stephen-chow-behind-the-camera.html
Review: ‘The Mermaid’ Features Stephen Chow Behind the Camera
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/19/movies/we-are-twisted-sister-review.html
Review: Twisted Sister’s Hard Road and Drummer Shortage
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/19/movies/the-witch-review.html
Review: In ‘The Witch,’ a Family’s Contract With God Is Tested
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/19/movies/rolling-papers-review.html
Review: ‘Rolling Papers’ Follows The Denver Post on the Marijuana Beat
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/19/movies/diamond-tongues-review.html
Review: In ‘Diamond Tongues,’ Leah Goldstein Plays a Flawed Actress
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/19/movies/forsaken-review-kiefer-sutherland-donald-sutherland.html
Review: In ‘Forsaken,’ the Sutherlands Bond in the Old West
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/19/movies/review-risen-a-tale-of-conversion-starring-joseph-fiennes.html
Review: ‘Risen,’ a Tale of Conversion Starring Joseph Fiennes
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/19/movies/snowtime-review.html
Review: ‘Snowtime!’ Tells of an Escalating Snowball War
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/19/movies/review-race-chronicles-jesse-owenss-rise-to-olympic-glory.html
Review: ‘Race’ Chronicles Jesse Owens’s Rise to Olympic Glory
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/17/movies/review-embrace-of-the-serpent-where-majesty-meets-monstrosity.html
Review: ‘Embrace of the Serpent,’ Where Majesty Meets Monstrosity
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/12/movies/review-touched-with-fire-a-love-story-between-two-bipolar-poets.html
Review: ‘Touched With Fire,’ a Love Story Between Two Bipolar Poets
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/12/movies/review-in-mountains-may-depart-jia-zhangke-shows-a-changing-china.html
Review: In ‘Mountains May Depart,’ Jia Zhangke Shows a Changing China
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/12/movies/review-fitoor-enlists-dickens-to-tell-a-hindi-love-story.html
Review: ‘Fitoor’ Enlists Dickens to Tell a Hindi Love Story
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/12/movies/review-a-war-tracks-a-conflict-from-battle-zone-to-court.html
Review: ‘A War’ Tracks a Conflict from Battle Zone to Court
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/12/movies/review-in-cabin-fever-the-flesh-eating-virus-strikes-again.html
Review: In ‘Cabin Fever,’ the Flesh-Eating Virus Strikes Again
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/12/movies/review-in-bad-hurt-a-staten-island-family-struggles.html
Review: In ‘Bad Hurt,’ a Staten Island Family Struggles
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/12/movies/already-tomorrow-in-hong-kong-review.html
Review: ‘Already Tomorrow in Hong Kong,’ a Meet-Cute Romance
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/12/movies/review-glassland-the-brittle-territory-of-love-and-addiction.html
Review: ‘Glassland,’ the Brittle Territory of Love and Addiction
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/12/movies/how-to-be-single-review-rebel-wilson-dakota-johnson.html
Review: ‘How to Be Single’ Is Another Lonely-Hearts Adaptation
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/12/movies/zoolander-2-review-ben-stiller.html
Review: In ‘Zoolander 2,’ All Is Still Vanity
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/12/movies/deadpool-movie-review-ryan-reynolds.html
Review: ‘Deadpool,’ a Sardonic Supervillain on a Kill Mission
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/06/movies/review-regression-memory-isnt-all-its-cracked-up-to-be.html
Review: ‘Regression’: Memory Isn’t All It’s Cracked Up to Be
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/05/movies/review-in-i-knew-her-well-stefania-sandrelli-reaches-for-la-dolce-vita.html
Review: In ‘I Knew Her Well,’ Stefania Sandrelli Reaches for la Dolce Vita
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/05/movies/4th-man-out-review.html
Review: ‘4th Man Out,’ a Film About Friendship and Coming Out
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/05/movies/review-in-fort-buchanan-making-love-and-war.html
Review: In ‘Fort Buchanan,’ Making Love and War
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/05/movies/the-club-review-pablo-larrain.html
Review: ‘The Club’ Sees the World Through the Eyes of Damaged Souls
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/05/movies/josh-duhamel-anthony-hopkins-misconduct-review.html
Review: ‘Misconduct’ Stars Josh Duhamel and Anthony Hopkins in a Tale of Corporate Evil
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/05/movies/tumbledown-review.html
Review: In ‘Tumbledown,’ a Book Is the Third Party in a Love Triangle
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/05/movies/the-choice-review-nicholas-sparks.html
Review: In ‘The Choice,’ a Sudsy Romance That Was Meant to Be
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/05/movies/southbound-review.html
Review: ‘Southbound’ Tells Five Horror Tales, All Set on a Desolate Highway
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/05/movies/review-the-pack-pits-a-family-against-vicious-wild-dogs.html
Review: ‘The Pack’ Pits a Family Against Vicious Wild Dogs
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/05/movies/pride-and-prejudice-and-zombies-review.html
Review: ‘Pride and Prejudice and Zombies’; More Tea, Dear?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/05/movies/hail-caesar-review-coen-brothers-george-clooney.html
Review: In ‘Hail, Caesar!’ the Coens Revisit Old Hollywood
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/05/movies/eisenstein-in-guanajuato-review.html
Review: ‘Eisenstein in Guanajuato’ Explores 10 Days That Changed a Filmmaker’s Life and Work
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/03/movies/review-in-rams-brothers-at-odds-face-a-shared-threat-to-their-livelihood.html
Review: In ‘Rams,’ Brothers at Odds Face a Shared Threat to Their Livelihood
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/01/movies/review-in-saala-khadoos-a-female-boxer-rises-from-the-streets-in-india.html
Review: In ‘Saala Khadoos,’ a Female Boxer Rises From the Streets in India
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/30/movies/review-fifty-shades-of-black-sells-sex-with-intentional-laughs.html
Review: ‘Fifty Shades of Black’ Sells Sex With (Intentional) Laughs
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/30/movies/natalie-portman-jane-got-a-gun-review.html
Review: In ‘Jane Got a Gun,’ Clear Skies, Followed by a Hail of Bullets
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/29/movies/review-noam-chomsky-focuses-on-financial-inequality.html
Review: Noam Chomsky Focuses on Financial Inequality in ‘Requiem for the American Dream’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/29/movies/review-in-mountain-men-two-brothers-are-forced-to-work-things-out.html
Review: In ‘Mountain Men,’ Two Brothers Are Forced to Work Things Out
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/29/movies/review-in-lazer-team-bickering-losers-try-to-save-the-world.html
Review: In ‘Lazer Team,’ Bickering Losers Try to Save the World
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/29/movies/review-amos-gitais-rabin-the-last-day-looks-back-in-anguish.html
Review: Amos Gitai’s ‘Rabin, the Last Day’ Looks Back in Anguish
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/29/movies/chris-pine-the-finest-hours-review.html
Review: ‘The Finest Hours’ Stars Chris Pine, Leading a Mission Against All Odds
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/29/movies/bryan-cranston-jack-black-kung-fu-panda-3-review.html
In ‘Kung Fu Panda 3,’ a New Dad Who Talks Like Bryan Cranston
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/23/movies/the-boy-review.html
Review: ‘The Boy,’ in Which a Doll May be Alive, or the Heroine May Be Mad
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/23/movies/keanu-reeves-exposed-review.html
Review: Keanu Reeves Undertakes an Investigation in ‘Exposed’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/23/movies/review-dirty-grandpa-features-robert-de-niro-on-the-prowl.html
Review: ‘Dirty Grandpa’ Features Robert De Niro on the Prowl
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/22/movies/aferim-review.html
Review: ‘Aferim!’ Traverses an Unforgiving Romania in the 1800s
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/22/movies/all-mistakes-buried-review.html
Review: In ‘All Mistakes Buried,’ an Addict Battles to Retrieve a Precious Necklace
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/22/movies/review-to-be-young-gay-and-muslim-in-bed-stuy.html
Review: To Be Young, Gay and Muslim in Bed-Stuy
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/22/movies/review-the-aliens-are-coming-the-aliens-are-coming.html
Review: The Aliens Are Coming! The Aliens Are Coming!
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/22/movies/review-synchronicity-plays-with-time-and-love.html
Review: ‘Synchronicity’ Plays With Time and Love
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/22/movies/review-rabid-dogs-a-road-trip-with-french-robbers.html
Review: ‘Rabid Dogs,’ a Road Trip With French Robbers
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/22/movies/review-mojave-looks-at-the-corrosive-effects-of-hollywood.html
Review: ‘Mojave’ Looks at the Corrosive Effects of Hollywood
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/22/movies/prescription-thugs-review.html
Review: ‘Prescription Thugs,’ a Confessional Documentary on Substance Abuse
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/22/movies/monster-hunt-review.html
Review: ‘Monster Hunt’ Features a Baby Beast on the Run With Its Surrogate Parents
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/22/movies/mike-tyson-ip-man-3-review.html
Review: In ‘Ip Man 3,’ Donnie Yen Brawls With Mike Tyson and Others
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/22/movies/martyrs-review.html
Review: ‘Martyrs,’ a Slashing Remake, Centers on Two Friends
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/20/movies/review-arturo-ripsteins-bleak-street-the-story-of-a-mexican-murder-case.html
Review: Arturo Ripstein’s ‘Bleak Street,’ the Story of a Mexican Murder Case
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/15/movies/review-in-intruders-a-surprise-awaits-home-invaders.html
Review: In ‘Intruders,’ a Surprise Awaits Home Invaders
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/15/movies/review-band-of-robbers-riffs-on-mark-twain-characters-in-todays-missouri.html
Review: ‘Band of Robbers’ Riffs on Mark Twain Characters in Today’s Missouri
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/15/movies/review-in-norm-of-the-north-a-polar-bear-takes-a-stand.html
Review: In ‘Norm of the North,’ a Polar Bear Takes a Stand
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/15/movies/review-in-the-shadow-of-women-focuses-on-the-female-sides-of-a-triangle.html
Review: ‘In the Shadow of Women’ Focuses on the Female Sides of a Triangle
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/15/movies/review-ride-along-2-reloads-twin-barrels-of-ice-cube-and-kevin-hart.html
Review: ‘Ride Along 2’ Reloads Twin Barrels of Ice Cube and Kevin Hart
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/15/movies/review-richard-gere-the-benefactor-who-pulls-the-strings.html
Review: Richard Gere, ‘The Benefactor’ Who Pulls the Strings
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/15/movies/review-moonwalkers-a-conspiracy-theory-comedy.html
Review: ‘Moonwalkers,’ a Conspiracy-Theory Comedy
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/15/movies/review-in-michael-bays-13-hours-the-secret-soldiers-of-benghazi-clarity-isnt-the-objective.html
Review: In Michael Bay’s ‘13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi,’ Clarity Isn’t the Objective
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/15/movies/review-a-perfect-day-about-aid-workers-in-the-balkans.html
Review: ‘A Perfect Day’ About Aid Workers in the Balkans
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/08/movies/review-troublemakers-the-story-of-land-art-a-documentary.html
Review: ‘Troublemakers: The Story of Land Art,’ a Documentary
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/08/movies/review-in-the-treasure-digging-for-something-of-value-in-romania.html
Review: In ‘The Treasure,’ Digging for Something of Value in Romania
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/08/movies/review-anesthesia-ponders-the-meaningfulness-of-life.html
Review: ‘Anesthesia’ Ponders the Meaningfulness of Life
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/08/movies/review-in-unlucky-plaza-a-comic-hostage-crisis-via-tabloid-storytelling.html
Review: In ‘Unlucky Plaza,’ a Comic Hostage Crisis via Tabloid Storytelling
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/08/movies/review-visiting-a-lolita-land-of-sorts-with-lamb.html
Review: Visiting a Lolita-Land of Sorts With ‘Lamb’
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/08/movies/review-the-forest-centers-on-the-search-for-a-twin-at-a-suicide-site-in-japan.html
Review: ‘The Forest’ Centers on the Search for a Twin at a Suicide Site in Japan
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/08/movies/review-in-sweaty-betty-two-single-dads-and-their-pals-getting-through-the-day.html
Review: In ‘Sweaty Betty,’ Two Single Dads and Their Pals Getting Through the Day
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/01/movies/review-in-the-himalayas-two-climbers-form-an-indelible-bond.html
Review: In ‘The Himalayas,’ Two Climbers Form an Indelible Bond
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/01/movies/review-only-yesterday-isao-takahatas-time-jumping-anime.html
Review: ‘Only Yesterday,’ Isao Takahata’s Time-Jumping Anime
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/01/movies/review-in-yosemite-a-coming-of-age-tale-of-3-boys-in-1980s-california.html
Review: In ‘Yosemite,’ a Coming-of-Age Tale of 3 Boys in 1980s California
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/01/movies/review-in-other-peoples-children-a-womans-pain-and-search-for-artistic-solace.html
Review: In ‘Other People’s Children,’ a Woman’s Pain and Search for Artistic Solace
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/30/movies/review-anomalisa-pairs-charlie-kaufman-and-lonely-puppets.html
Review: ‘Anomalisa’ Pairs Charlie Kaufman and Lonely Puppets
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/26/movies/review-point-break-an-x-games-remake.html
Review: ‘Point Break,’ an X-Games Remake
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/25/movies/review-restored-the-story-of-the-last-chrysanthemum-reveals-directors-artistry-and-empathy.html
Review: Restored ‘The Story of the Last Chrysanthemum’ Reveals Director’s Artistry and Empathy
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/25/movies/review-quentin-tarantinos-the-hateful-eight-blends-verbiage-and-violence.html
Review: Quentin Tarantino’s ‘The Hateful Eight’ Blends Verbiage and Violence
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/25/movies/review-transfatty-lives-chronicles-a-life-with-lou-gehrigs-disease.html
Review: ‘TransFatty Lives’ Chronicles a Life With Lou Gehrig’s Disease
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/25/movies/review-the-revenant-welcome-to-paradise-now-prepare-to-fall.html
Review: ‘The Revenant’ Welcomes You to Paradise. Now Prepare to Fall.
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/25/movies/review-jennifer-lawrence-as-a-modern-day-cinderella-in-joy.html
Review: Jennifer Lawrence as a Modern-Day Cinderella in ‘Joy’
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/25/movies/review-in-concussion-a-doctors-cri-de-coeur-against-footballs-risks.html
Review: In ‘Concussion,’ a Doctor’s Cri de Coeur Against Football’s Risks
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/25/movies/review-daddys-home-stars-mark-wahlberg-and-will-ferrell-playing-naughty-and-nice.html
Review: ‘Daddy’s Home’ Stars Mark Wahlberg and Will Ferrell, Playing Naughty and Nice
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/24/movies/review-mr-six-is-a-guan-hu-character-study.html
Review: ‘Mr. Six’ Is a Guan Hu Character Study
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/23/movies/review-where-to-invade-next-michael-moores-latest-documentary.html
Review: ‘Where to Invade Next,’ Michael Moore’s Latest Documentary
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/23/movies/review-in-45-years-a-dead-flame-threatens-a-marriage.html
Review: In ‘45 Years,’ a Dead Flame Threatens a Marriage
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/18/movies/review-in-he-never-died-mastering-longevity-if-not-social-skills.html
Review: In ‘He Never Died,’ Mastering Longevity if Not Social Skills
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/18/movies/review-the-genital-warriors-revisits-bygone-romances.html
Review: ‘The Genital Warriors’ Revisits Bygone Romances
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/18/movies/review-those-who-feel-the-fire-burning-a-documentary-about-the-refugee-experience.html
Review: ‘Those Who Feel the Fire Burning,’ a Documentary About the Refugee Experience
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/18/movies/review-inside-the-chef-rene-redzepis-world-in-noma-my-perfect-storm.html
Review: Inside the Chef René Redzepi’s World in ‘Noma: My Perfect Storm’
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/18/movies/review-son-of-saul-revisits-life-and-death-in-auschwitz.html
Review: ‘Son of Saul’ Revisits Life and Death in Auschwitz
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/18/movies/review-polyfaces-a-documentary-about-sustainable-agriculture.html
Review: ‘Polyfaces,’ a Documentary About Sustainable Agriculture
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/18/movies/review-mojin-the-lost-legend-in-search-of-a-burial-ground.html
Review: ‘Mojin: The Lost Legend,’ in Search of a Burial Ground
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/18/movies/review-bajirao-mastani-a-bollywood-forbidden-romance.html
Review: ‘Bajirao Mastani,’ a Bollywood Forbidden Romance
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/18/movies/review-amy-poehler-and-tina-fey-come-home-in-sisters.html
Review: Amy Poehler and Tina Fey Come Home in ‘Sisters’
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/18/movies/review-alvin-and-the-chipmunks-the-road-chip-features-a-trip-to-miami.html
Review: ‘Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Road Chip’ Features a Trip to Miami
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/18/movies/star-wars-the-force-awakens-review.html
‘Star Wars: The Force Awakens’ Delivers the Thrills, With a Touch of Humanity
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/17/movies/review-the-creation-of-meaning-views-an-economically-torn-italy-in-echoes-of-earlier-days.html
Review: ‘The Creation of Meaning’ Views an Economically Torn Italy in Echoes of Earlier Days
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/16/movies/review-generations-of-music-by-the-carter-family-documented.html
Review: Generations of Music by the Carter Family, Documented
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/16/movies/review-dreams-rewired-a-futuristic-look-at-the-past.html
Review: ‘Dreams Rewired,’ a Futuristic Look at the Past
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/16/movies/review-the-emperors-new-clothes-a-documentary-about-income-inequality.html
Review: ‘The Emperor’s New Clothes,’ a Documentary About Income Inequality
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/11/movies/review-sunday-ball-visits-a-soccer-championship-in-rios-slums.html
Review: ‘Sunday Ball’ Visits a Soccer Championship in Rio’s Slums
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/11/movies/review-in-the-girl-in-the-book-a-young-editor-is-unsettled-by-her-past-with-a-novelist.html
Review: In ‘The Girl in the Book,’ a Young Editor Is Unsettled by Her Past With a Novelist
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/11/movies/review-in-the-big-short-economic-collapse-for-fun-and-profit.html
Review: In ‘The Big Short,’ Economic Collapse for Fun and Profit
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/11/movies/review-boy-and-the-world-a-colorful-and-stirring-animated-journey.html
Review: ‘Boy and the World,’ a Colorful and Stirring Animated Journey
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/11/movies/review-in-the-tainted-veil-the-hijab-is-debated.html
Review: In ‘The Tainted Veil,’ the Hijab Is Debated
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/11/movies/review-in-the-heart-of-the-sea-its-man-vs-leviathan.html
Review: ‘In the Heart of the Sea,’ It’s Man vs. Leviathan
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/11/movies/review-in-dixieland-an-ex-convict-is-sorely-tempted.html
Review: In ‘Dixieland,’ an Ex-Convict Is Sorely Tempted
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/11/movies/review-in-body-a-mansion-turns-into-a-house-of-horror.html
Review: In ‘Body,’ a Mansion Turns Into a House of Horror
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/11/movies/review-don-verdean-a-sendup-of-ambitious-pastors-and-the-lure-of-religious-relics.html
Review: ‘Don Verdean,’ a Sendup of Ambitious Pastors and the Lure of Religious Relics
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/11/movies/review-american-hero-a-deadbeat-superhero-forever-backsliding.html
Review: ‘American Hero,’ a Deadbeat Superhero, Forever Backsliding
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/09/movies/review-stinking-heaven-a-portrait-of-addicts-in-turmoil.html
Review: ‘Stinking Heaven,’ a Portrait of Addicts in Turmoil
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-the-messenger-documents-avian-struggles.html
Review: ‘The Messenger’ Documents Avian Struggles
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-spike-lees-chi-raq-a-barbed-takedown-of-gang-wars-with-sex-as-the-weapon.html
Review: Spike Lee’s ‘Chi-Raq,’ a Barbed Takedown of Gang Wars, With Sex as the Weapon
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-orion-tells-an-elvis-tale.html
Review: ‘Orion’ Tells an Elvis Tale
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-dementia-where-misery-is-company.html
Review: ‘Dementia,’ Where Misery Is Company
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-bikes-vs-cars-explores-the-debate-in-cyclist-friendly-cities.html
Review: ‘Bikes vs Cars’ Explores the Debate in Cyclist-Friendly Cities
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-the-letters-a-biopic-of-mother-teresa.html
Review: ‘The Letters,’ a Biopic of Mother Teresa
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-sorrentinos-youth-a-euro-buddy-film.html
Review: Sorrentino’s ‘Youth’: A Euro Buddy Film
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-macbeth-starring-michael-fassbender-awash-in-gorgeous-carnage.html
Review: ‘Macbeth,’ Starring Michael Fassbender, Awash in Gorgeous Carnage
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-in-wim-wenderss-every-thing-will-be-fine-nothing-is.html
Review: In Wim Wenders’s ‘Every Thing Will Be Fine,’ Nothing Is
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-in-the-world-of-kanako-the-old-ultraviolence.html
Review: In ‘The World of Kanako,’ the Old Ultraviolence
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-in-the-wannabe-drugs-money-and-aspirations-to-join-the-gotti-circle.html
Review: In ‘The Wannabe,’ Drugs, Money and Aspirations to Join the Gotti Circle
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-in-river-of-fundament-matthew-barney-contemplates-waste.html
Review: In ‘River of Fundament,’ Matthew Barney Contemplates Waste
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-in-night-owls-staying-up-late-leads-to-surprises.html
Review: In ‘Night Owls,’ Staying Up Late Leads to Surprises
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-in-krampus-the-holiday-involves-a-demonic-santa.html
Review: In ‘Krampus,’ the Holiday Involves a Demonic Santa
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-chronicling-an-outsider-in-almost-there.html
Review: Chronicling an Outsider in ‘Almost There’
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-arabian-nights-offers-satirical-fabulism-amid-economic-austerity.html
Review: ‘Arabian Nights’ Offers Satirical Fabulism Amid Economic Austerity
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-an-exploration-of-race-and-class-in-my-friend-victoria.html
Review: An Exploration of Race and Class in ‘My Friend Victoria’
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/movies/review-after-the-terrors-of-the-blitz-comes-a-royal-night-out.html
Review: After the Terrors of the Blitz Comes ‘A Royal Night Out’
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/03/movies/review-christmas-again-about-holiday-loneliness.html
Review: ‘Christmas, Again,’ About Holiday Loneliness
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/02/movies/review-hitchcock-truffaut-revisits-the-master-of-suspense.html
Review: ‘Hitchcock/Truffaut’ Revisits the Master of Suspense
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/02/movies/review-sound-of-redemption-traces-frank-morgans-route-from-jazz-musician-to-prisoner-and-back.html
Review: ‘Sound of Redemption’ Traces Frank Morgan’s Route From Jazz Musician to Prisoner and Back
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/27/movies/review-in-janis-little-girl-blue-exploring-joplins-demons.html
Review: In ‘Janis: Little Girl Blue,’ Exploring Joplin’s Demons
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/27/movies/review-the-danish-girl-about-a-transgender-pioneer.html
Review: ‘The Danish Girl,’ About a Transgender Pioneer
